Its interesting to see Netflix is ending the TV broadcast of the longest running weekly Live show on TV
yep
@aegies did you play The Surge? or anyone else?
Surge was fun cutting of limbs for loots
surge one was good, didnt care much for 2
nor the soda
Surge was no Josta for sure
I couldn’t get into Surge, but im also very particular on what my character looks like and the random limbs was ugly to me
i’m drawn to the sci-fi setting… but haven’t been able to get into a 3rd person souls like combat game
the whole animation priority throws me off
what 3rd person souls like would you recommend for a noob to the genre? 😅 Elden Ring?
this one is bad
Elden ring is the best entry point imo
Elden ring for sure
or Dark Souls 1
So Elden Ring is the most friendly because you arent really stuck in a "kill the boss or never go to a new area" but Demons Souls is maybe the most directed?
This is about the point in the game where I bounced. Couldn't get into it which bummed me out
Aegies is now live! Streaming Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice: sekiroh no (and console fandom support meeting i guess) (PC upgrade shakeout cruise).
Evening
hello
given the sony/ms talks did you see valve released the Steam Annual Summary
Have you ever accidentally added 20 grams of pepper to a recipe instead of 20 cranks?
It uhhh it wasn't great 😅
https://store.steampowered.com/news/group/4145017/view/4031353003322171823
yup
my big take away is Games over $1K Revenue +19% Games over $10K Revenue +17% Games over $100K Revenue +17% Games over $500K Revenue +19% Games over $1M Revenue +21%
no contrsy just goods news
Oh, I meant the pepper wasn't great. Just took a bite. Haven't checked the Steam link yet
compared to sony/ms seemingly not doing well
the only good news is that you have a cat on your lap
they never talk profit, but some sazable sales increases
Miyazaki did it again!
I'm excited to grab a physical copy of HiFi Rush in a year or two
is ms/sony rent sreaking?
glad it's coming in june
Dude! I started a new character today!
played for 8 hours
I would be terrified if I were working at Bungie specifically
If I’m at Bungie, I’m updating my resume.
Evening Arthur. Hope you're having a good humpday
hello everyone
Evening Basher
The Bob Marley biopic wasn't bad by any means. Just kinda plain I guess
Good performances by individual actors
Fascinating to see PS and Xbox having troubles even though they’ve taken two different approaches
my hot take, I find the multiplayer experance on steam better than xbl/psn, and not just b/c is free, but I find steams multiplayer apis better, or atleast easer for devs, than both psn/xbl
Same
Didja hear about the weirdness about Rise of the Ronin not being released in Korea?
Did you eat something funny?
Ooooof
Given the time period that makes me a little worried about the content
It was allegedly never coming out
Did Ghost of Tsushima come out in Korea?
Yeah
I consider steam to be the best p;latform of the 3 (steam, xbl, psn)
it’s a good question about the games. I dreamt about MS having internal meetings about what games should be launch titles for 2026
Do we think Battlenet is still a thing in 5 years?
What did your dreams tell you @braynbasher ?
I'm stupidly excited for Princess Peach Showtime apparently it's very charming and fun
Is the Bethesda launcher still around?
I think Halo Mp should be launch title.
how is it?
I read IGN's preview. Altano really liked it
LUL
I know steam has ea play (ea version of gamepass) I do wounder if ms eventuly gives up on oparating the xbox app on pc
The Kung Fu master section looks really cool
Oh hey that new Contra game dropped a demo today. It was alright
helldivers 2 has its hooks in me DEEP
It was a busy day for new stuff dropping
Yeah Operation Galuga
It's a very WayForward game LUL
Aegies is now live! Streaming Welcome to ParadiZe: it's got a "z" in the name because zombies.
I dunno #11 looks like she won't survive long in the sun
hey hey
I don’t think I’ve heard of this game
Did you talk about the PS job cuts yet?
pause?? …what’s that
oh Slavery
gotcha
What's good Arthur
Wtf are you playing?
another day, another set of layoffs
graphics look so good in this!
yeah its been prity obvious that it was comming
are you running a 4090?
and with WARN laws existing I expect a few more in the leadup to end of FY2023
seems like their vr segment took a pretty big hit
I guess the intreasting question is does  do we see a shift more too AA, and what does this mean for consoles
Like Bungie dropping outsourcing / QA
consoles have been stagnent for 3 genarations
has it even been a year since psvr2?
im liking this game more and more, great setting
is there a dodge roll?
and the current consoles aren’t cheap…
my kind of combat
Japanese companies typically run lean to begin with, especially at Toyota and Honda. They do not fuck around
I think its also the price of the games to $70 is more than alot of consumers are willing to pay for most games, not called gta
That's what I was wondering about that photo with Jim Ryan
If he/they knew they were sacked
Gerstmann said things are bad right now. Like he hasn't felt this bad about the industry
HIgh Def and a fucked up UE3 hurt the industry bad. and the emergence of Facebook gaming
its definitly a corection, so are arguing a crash, nah but its a very large corection
The audience has coagulated around live service games, like 4 games.  Even someone like Anthony is probably playing Fortnite more than any other game
whether it’s true or not, I’m so cynical about general corporate structures that most of this feels like “we’ll do anything to increase margins”. not just in video games but everywhere, my company did lay offs late last year and was clearly just slightly ahead of the trend.
@loopboop I mean is that new, as someone who has owned a pc most of my life,, I played games like deablo 2 and starcraft up til like 2006. the idea of sticky games arent new
what is new is the revenue vortex they create.  I would argue Apex and Fortnite absolutely dwarf Starcraft. @eathdemon
Apex is massive in Japan
Lab126? yeah a giant money suck
I hate to say it but I don’t think Rocksteady is surviving this year without massive layoffs
but also yeah Apple spending years on a car project
I do have to wounder with the stagnation of consoles, what does that mean for ms and sony in the long term
Sarah Bond said the next xbox would be the largest technological leap in history.
which makes zero sense
I mean even spiderman 2 didnt sell enough
yeah a TV-Stick /w the power of a Series S is a leap beyond all leaps
I wonder if other studios need to follow Insomniac and form into smaller teams and create multiple games simultaneously… helps reduce micromanagement and focus on scope and milestones efficiently
smaller/multiple teams I meant…
that’s why I made the correction
@Winky225 but even insomic has a budget problem with spiderman 2 costing 300m
Sidequels as they've become known
Like Uncharted Lost Legacy
Would you say Intihar and Kasavin are the most successful games journalists turn game devs?
Miles Morales cut a lot of bloat from the original formula
@eathdemon that was just an example of team execution but budget and scope will need to be reigned in for sure
it was able to save money, but reusing alot of assets and taking place in a smaller world.
Hiring voice over talent?
I get mobile vibes
Sony is going to use their mocap rooms as janitor closets… I know… I’m terrible…
they wont b/c mainstream consumers wont acept it, but insoniac should reuse as much of spiderman 2 assets/anamations as they can, including the world map.
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
that’s cool and all but I think the Miles Morales route is rare for most studios… I don’t think scaling back and keeping the same price is the fix either… players want new stuff and they want to know/feel that it’s new
and that’s why assassin’s creed has its followers but how much has it grown?
Fromsoft certainly does it
RGG studios does it often
AC Mirage might also be a hint at what AC infinity might look like
Have you seen Dune 2
I thought you sometimes got early access
@Sinarisx yup they build a area than use it in like 4 games
yeah its a good practicee
oh yeah. Criterion Sale is on RN fo rthe 4k freaks
w/e im looking foword to the battlefront colection remaster
replaying battlefront colection will be my early march, my late march is dd2
everything I
whoops
everything i’m looking forward to in the immediate future is pretty low-budget
couple kickstarter mega man zero-likes lol
eiyuden chronicle
yup infinite wealth was meduim to low end of AAA budget, and DD@ definitly seems to be AA budget.
I cant wait for Dogma 2
I keep forgetting about dd2
Bungie has to look at these layoffs like oh shit…
they might see even more if Marathon doesn’t hit, same with Concord
I dont mean it in a disrespectful way but would you consider Anthony's skateboarding a mid-life crisis?
lmao nahhhh he’s just doing a fun thing
who can fuck up their lives faster is the soundtrack to my life
@loopboop we live in a hellscape. A little skateboarding is far from egregious
physically active hobbies are cool and good
I dont think its bad, its just, not something a lot of 40 year olds jump back into.
kidding… I think you and Anthony are doing great by the way
I am all for it
If I had access and time, I would be swimming every day like I was in high school
Tony Hawk is still skating
I think the age ceiling for skateboarding is steadily rising
There is a narrative going around with "Disney Adults" and people who dont want to grow up.
Of course. But there's  a difference between having hobbies and being defined by them
Yeah, I turned my photography hobby into a hustle for a while and it sort of made me not like taking pictures any more
since it’s a relatively young sport/culture compared to like bicycling or tennis
I mean fuck I still collect action figures LUL
how goes this so far?
I care
So a few couple years ago I dissolved my LLC, and just bought a new, smaller camera. Excited to shoot again.
if disney made a vampire show w/ zombies maybe aegies would like it more lol
“liking Disney” also isn’t participating in a physical sport activity
I know of a lot of designers who are disney adults because of how well they design stuff and the attention to detail
yeah Disneyland is a good time
all things in moderation
wow lol as I was typing
So we hit 70s today it was a a beautiful afternoon. Then as predicted we got hit with tornadoes and golf ball sizes hail
Yeah Disney is fine just don't become a "Passhole". There is a server at a local place that keeps telling me of her micro Disney blogger phase. and ehh.. good for her
Its derivate of the Joe Rogan audience of men acting weak or not "acting like a man"  Ben Shapiro pushes that agenda hard as well
disliking things is useful on some level for defining the parameters of a “taste palette” but yeah fixation on dislikes is 👎
especially if they can go back and listen to 2009 you.
play all of your potential partners a super cut of all rebelfm relationship letters
The only cringy thing I can recall now is the whole "skeptic" talk.  But that might have been before every Skeptic became Thunderfoot
Too bad we can't nuke the GameSpy Debriefings from space lol
Rush Limbaugh started the conservative leaning "radio show/podcast" Rogan and Shapiro took it to the next level.
y’all pretty much always seemed to have your hearts in the right place
I for one believe you honestly haven't come off as terrible from GSD
rfm was definitely a Good Influence ™️ podcast for me when I was a dumb “libertarian” 17 year old
I was raised by 1up
arthur is practically my father at this point
MY STREAM FATHER!
The worst thing you said was that dumb date grape joke and I don't even think that was that bad
got 'em
date grape
?
i think about anthony's back farts story everytime i start the podcast.
@loopboop you're better not knowing lol
Where is Shawn Elliot now?
He had some takes
was at arcane austin
Arcane i still believe
he used to paint mini and put them on twitter
He did the smart thing and deleted his account lol
Have you ever met Jeff Cannata?  you are in similar circles
yeah Shawn was in theory on Bioshock 4 or whatever that studio is now doing its been dark for years
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
so are you enjoying this more than state of decay so far
is the next state of decay going first person? for some reason i was thinking it was
Deep Rock Galactic Survivor is really good.  Polished
is this combat button mash or auto attack?
oh yeah Has Arthur played Deep Rock Galactic : ASS mode?
i've been watching foundation and the second season is a big jump up. also, once again that show is really carried by Lee Pace. It's like they made the show just for him.
love those books I always forget there’s a show
Arthur have you watched Constellation on AppleTV?
you see the rumor that the next battlefield will have a f2p battle royale. from tom henderson. they say they are going back to the roots of bf4 and 3 and bringing back real classes
foundation and slow horses are great shows in Apple
on not in
@kgvstheworld that game has to be 3 years off
Is Apple a good streaming service? I heard good things about the Monarch series
@loopboop Are they still making that Silo show?
oh for sure which makes the battle royale a poor choice in my opinion. that space is too crowded
@GT_JamesATL Im not sure I fell of it
the menus kind of look like state of decay
Apple by far looks the best of all streaming. even you movies anywhere films look grewt
you can also watch on Vision Pro lol
I have vision Pro and I have been watching Constellation on it
I love it, I realize its not for everyone. I have a 70 inch OLED that I have not turned on in 3 weeks.
Im actually watching you now on Vision pro
@loopboop have you watched Foundation and Slow Horses yet?
streaming 4k 120 fps
@Braynbasher no I havent
so Arthur, this has been on my mind lately..  how crazy is it that someone can buy Vision Pro, do the YouTube review and return it.. seems bad
yeah I guess if you think about it Apple Vision Pro is a portable Goon Cave
I feel like Apple TV really found its niche with high production-value sci-fi
you know how nice it would be to just hook up an hdmi to something like the oculus, vision pro and just play any console or pc games on their with a large screen. forget about xcloud or anything like that
yeah Like people Buying Camcorders from Fry's using it for Graduation and then returning it.
As a movie fan I hope you can at least try a movie in in Arthur. If you can borrow one from work or whatever.  Love to hear your thoughts
waste, would you want an open box or used Vision Pro?
Apple TV feels like the Sci fi channel of the late 90s with better budgets
Mine was 4200 with Apple care and taxes
Really appreciate the jew's harp in the soundtrack LUL
yeah vr, or ar won't work for me until it's literally the same as glasses and doesn't cost a ton. i'm a dad, i don't want to be separated from the world. in fact, i would argue i want a device that helps me put my device down more
Can you borrow one from work to just try a movie in it Arthur? Would love to hear your thoughts on Rebel
aren't they locked to an account
And the person using it to video chat to Arthur :P
i think most people who have vr don't actually use it that much lol
This is not a VR headset.  At all. I have owned all the headsets.  Its different
it's really not. it has ar passthrough. cool.
The screens specifically
I can only ask for you to give it a try, you will understand.  Just for a movie.
Maybe in a few months when the work one is available
my YouTube shorts has turned aggressive into people making fun of Red Pill Content and most food is bad nutrition people. Some will be Doctors but when you look it up they are Drs not in the Medical Field ever.
it just needs to be sunglasses like the other guy said -
he just said he could watch a movie on oculus. what's the difference?
@kgvstheworld specifically the screen
what is the 2500 dollar difference
so do you think state of decay 2 makes any kind of dent if it came to PlayStation ?
The screen is better than watching my 70 inch OLED.
yeah, that to me is like the switch from regular cinema and imax. i fucking love imax but if it cost me $300 for a ticket to a movie i wouldn't do it
1 “Dr” on YouTube said you should have a bowel movement after each meal. and the comments were agreeing
goto taco bell every day
I too enjoy Tacobell / Del Taco but thats alot
Lol after each meal?
if you like the podcast or the stream, you can always tip over at ko-fi.com/aegies
if you go to the movies with Apple Vision pro on, you can be online while watching the movie
no, you should have a BM after every podcast recording, like Anthony
I was like how is this allowed to be on YouTube as real advice
have you tried deep rock galactic survicor?
this “dr” In particular keeps playing that same music from the red pill guys so I know something is coming
so this new series X digital seems to be happening
You're right Taco Bell gets a bad rap. I feel better after eating it than after a bunch of friend stuff from McDonald's or Wendy's
There's an extremely large window for healthy bowel movement schedule anywhere from three times a day to three times a week
think outside the bun
Taco Bell also has pretty legit vegetarian options
on a vg note: I love that  Nintendo Switch Systems was trending.
i think i might go w/ the alienware curved wq_oled
Taco Bell I think has the most vegan / veg options of any fast food?
maybe. $350 is the real price, that’s what series x was during holiday
i might qd-oled
the black series S makes no sense if the X is cheaper
the pokeman game coming out in 2025 mentioned coming to “Nintendo Switch Systems” and people think that means the switch 2 is included in the “systems” press release
@Sinarisx By vegen you mean it has the most beans
lol...
is this PC
what game is this?
yeah I like the chipotle fake meat
welcome to Paradize
why do you think Geoff Keighley never really say or advocate for layoffs or crunch culture but would lay in a puddle in for kojima to walk over it?
it's just weird to me that he'll go to bat for kojima over everything but yet won't say anything at the game awards about crunch or anything like that. I'm not sayin a diatribe, just acknowledgement that it was fucking rough.
what is your opinion on expressing opinions
i am satisfied with that response
think state of decay 2 makes any noise on PlayStation?
Pray for me the tornado alarms just went off for my area
yeah I’m in the storms way too
friday there is a blizzard warning in the hills around me.. today it was like 70
It was hailing in some areas earlier with tornado warnings
yeah I hate that with some survival craft games. I forget which one.  maybe Techtonica will just build the prereqs like a good boy
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
It would trigger a bunch of people if State of Decay 2 came out on PS5 before we have seen an image of SOD 3 on xbox
what are the changes for state of decay 3 over the 2nd game. at least rumored
nice
It will probably look the same, which is not great but is what it is.
i just saw anthem is still on gamepass, can you even play that?
Servers are still running
wow
I did learn there was content added that I did not see
welp Arthur is playing with a BOW again
HelloZ
@Sinarisx give it enough time and Arthur will turn every game into either an immersive sim or one he can play as a rogue
How's the game
OH hey its Davis land! Now is there a Thai place with $1 Margs and Karaoke?
Lol what's your favorite Thai dish?
morning
Penang curry is my fav.
Lol ok what's your favorite Thai curry? I like panang and massamun
Butter chicken is off the hook
My favorite is riverboat noodles
Yes, British Indian
Kinda borderlands vibe to the story?
Best zombie film?
Train to Busan is my fav
honestly Zombieland for me
My favorite Thai food is Chicken Krapow (it's spelled like 8 different ways). Just lots of thai basil, bird's eye chilis and fish sauce
I'm a huge fan of Warm Bodies the first zom-rom-com
best Zombie in a film. that's easy Day of the Dead
Mine is an anime/manga.  School of the Dead.
train to busan, dawn of the dead remake, 28 days later are my favs.
Didja hear they want to make a sequel to 28 Days/Weeks Later?
the Bifurcated dog is a fun gag in Return
the ending to ROTLD is brutal. messed me up as a kid
I’ll have to check out day of the dead.
And who can forget Zombieland?
@heroInahalfshell I'm not super into zombie movies, but I thought 28 Days later was amazing
and in teh terrible zombie films. Return 3 is good. But Goth zombies are kinda fun
I love Shaun of the Dead
@jinpei05 I thought there was already a sequel to 28 days later?
Yeah they want to make 28 Years Later
Months
I have a soft spot for Zombieland
i agree
not amny good ones
@psford 28 days later is pretty cool. 28 weeks later bugged me. I prefer an optimistic ending.
most times tyhe zombies look like ass
I did enjoy the Resident Evil movies.
never seen one hwere a zombie looks like an actual dead person.
I enjoyed the CGI Resident Evil
Movies
I can forgive some decisions. but 28 weeks later just infuriated me at the beginning.
barf.
Zombi 2 the Italian zombie films do look fairly dead. but they also murder a shark? I forget
Have you guys seen When Evil Lurks? It's the scariest fucking movie ive ever seen ... so confronting
and the last of us tv show is worth a watch. not a movie.
@heroInahalfshell I know I saw 28 Weeks Later but remember nothing of it. 28 Days Later stuck with me
Lol
Cillian gets his wang out in that too haha
Deck Nine Lays Off 20% of Staff
I like Hot Fuzz a lot more than Shaun of the Dead
my roommate got 28 days later in the mail from Netflix.
back in 2008.
only other zombie movie I’ve seen was house of 1000 corpses.
i konw i've streamed it recently-ish.  i wonder if whoever had it the license expired recently, and it hasn't been renegotiated yet
there could be a sequel in the nearish future
I like how it was "news" today that they got the Voice actor for Moana to be in Moana 2. And the reason she wasn't initially cast? It was supposed to be a TV series
thats my favorite zombie movie, and the music in it is so good
not Blair witch?
I want to say MIssion Impossible might have been? They made a huge deal about it being edited on Mac. but that was in teh prehistoric days of Quicktime 2
but I am also old, and recently remembered when the DTS website listed Spawn 2 as an upcoming release (1999)
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
I always have weird thoughts eating stick gum after MI:1
Oh shit, I hadn't heard of the Shogun show, but it's based on the book? Fuck yeah, I'm in
in the first 2 minutes of the movie you mean?
A list actors and Emilio Estevez :P
I wonder if the white guy gets urinated on in the new version
I read all those doorstop books of the Asia Saga from James Clavell as a teen and loved them
hey man. Steve’s was riding high from that mighty duck trilogy.
estevez
He was. and he is still active
even if I had to see way too much man ass in his The Library movie
didn’t he get fired from the ducks tv show?
west wing kinda happens because The american president, no?
I guess Apocalypse now?
yeah it ended up being a reverse Saved by  the bell
That whole cast was amazibg
which was initially Good morning Miss Bliss and was about a teacher. but they liked the students more
I might like Sports night more
Allison Janey Bradley Whitford Dule Hill Richard Schiff
also at some point Sorkin just became a giant misogynist
huh, I'd missed that, but checks out
his dialogue does smack a bit of people who've taken a bump or two
100%
He writes on every episode for royalties reasons. and teh one time he let someone else have input it created his iconic walk and talk
I have heard both
he created an entire character because he was angry at Kristen Chenowith
Annabeth
I think Sarah Paulson's character
the social network was sooo good
I dunno, he dated he was was a shit about it.
I swear The Newsroom is him telling on himself a bit
even if most incidents are started by female characters
It has stood the test of time. even if at the time it was cringe because he was rewriting the news of 3 years earlier
yeah its a College rape victim and yeah
Yeah, the UVA story.
Just looked and it was published in 2014
ok so that story was published 2 weeks before the episode aired
story was nov 19, 2014. episode is dec 7 2014
the story was redacted april 2015
no, they retracted it in April 2015
Huh, Scott Rudin was an EP on the Newsroom, an all time piece of shit
oh, yeah
vioCREEP cybgSandwich
Just hadn't seen that name in a while and was reading the wikipedia
Looks like the storms have finally passed my area.
All clear
Now just have to worry about the 40 degree temperature drop from today
Fucked around, Found out
well, be nice to the kitties.
I get that - Dead Island 2 was a surprisingly competent game I put a bunch of time into
Aegies is now live! Streaming Welcome to ParadiZe: it's got a "z" in the name because zombies.
Evening, Arthur. Hope you're enjoying one extra day of Black History Month
Heard that shit was wild
Did you pick up the sex popcorn bucket? LUL
I saw one at my local theater. I was skeeved out by it lol
Lol they went viral and I guess they don't want to miss a buck
EA now joins that list
well at least today we had some studios getting free of places. Not that they wont have to layoff people because of those moves.
woo!
why would xbox lets toys for bob go? aren't those kind of studios like what they need
I thought they would be the ones to do spyro
they did the trilogy which was excellent
Ooh getting major "how to survive 1/2" vibes from this
I am still trying to put away Bully so can I move to next game club game Gun
Oh well that makes sense :^) looks more polished than hts
so I finished it, but also yes its too long
I am now grinding out some achievements like ride the bike for hours
achievments gives my life purpose
you guys do blood money after that though and stealth games are my nemesis, might be an issue
as a youngster I had hitman 2 on gamecube and that was impossible for me
gamecube was my only console so I had also just never played a game like that
also Happy Leap Day everyone
yeah beacuse we were raised on nintendo
snes to 64 to cube
I got a 360 in 2009 and have been there ever since
Is this on Gamepass?
how to survive was games with gold so maybe the relationship is there
at the time it was viewed as just more GwG shovelware
steam deck compatibility?
I wonder how many times you can shoot a real arrow at people before they break.
the GwG tab on my library has been removed from the dash I noticed today
yeah but it still needs it own tier, you can't put them under "owned games" you don't own them
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
yes only 360
I still have the tab in the full library section
I am in preview program so maybe its a new update
he ran
Got a Bloater on your tail
About 80% through evil west.  Pretty good with some noticeable cut corners
I get evil west and weird west mixed up
Yeah I'd say it's a $30-$40 game for sure
@wallace6969 weird west is the isometric immersive sim. That one is worth the full price
I played some of that one on gamepass
It's free on ps plus
Or it was
how is this game?
Have you heard the kerfuffle over tekken 8's new mtx store?
I think it was more the fact that they were deceitful about the pricing and revealing it well after the reviews were out
They had a livestream where they carefully worded the pricing
Like very strategically worded
I have no problem paying for post-release content, I just don't want to use space bucks with infinite regress
Yeah it's an evergreen debate
I am trying to watch Dreamleague but its a pain to find the series that I want to watch
dota
watching reruns
Hola Arthur
how goes this Paradize?
every game has to have an escort mission, its tradition!
It just sucks because it already has a solid customization system but they lock their most popular items behind this new storefront
This is made all the more egregious with the fact that game is riddled with bugs
We're talking game-breaking bugs
Not that I've heard
No layoffs I've heard of
The thing is, previous tekkens had the benefit of arcade releases to iron all these out so right now it's the wild west
did you end up putting banishers on hold?
Do Japanese companies do a lot of layoffs?
makes sense. I always look forward to the podcasts
Playing FF Rebirth has been a nice tonal change from Plague Tale 2.
uhh Gerstmann is live on Twitch reviewing the "Game Scent"
hah
Yeah, those games are great and exist nicely in the AA space. I shouldn’t have played them back to back, though.
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
They should do a snakes version of Plagues tale
Arthur, Asphalt City is getting awful reviews. Can you think of a good ambulance movie?  There was the Michael Bay AMBULANCE with Gyllenhaal
LOL Sean Penn
Tye Sheridan
Penn and Dicaprio are filming the nexy Paul Thomas Anderson movie right now
He was in colors.  That movie had some interesting behind the scenes stories.
Oh yeah. Madonna
He beat and raped her over days
Papparazzi stuff
Paparazzi were brutal to the guy to be honest.  I do not condone violence but
During the 80s no less
My understanding it was just a lot of drunk fighting, papparazzi stuff.
@jinpei05 How is he not in jail?
the madonna thing I dont know
he seems like someone who sometimes has good opinions but is such an asshole about it that you almost wish he didn't
Disney protected Majors for as long as they could
they tried to pay the woman off
Horrible person, but good actor
It is not verified ofcourse, but that was the rumor
Lie to yourself, but don’t lie to the people and say Creed 3 was bad.
LOL Gerstmann just opened a scent called "Explosions" on the Game Scent
Best Boxing movie ever?  Raging Bull? Rocky 2?
Sorry @ccmerenu but upon reflection Creed 3 ain't great
@gt_jamesatl he's a white Hollywood star with powerful friends
Sean Penn
Do you think it's because of Jordan's direction or something else?
Im not going to die on the Sean Penn hill, but there are way worse out there
Like Mel Gibson is worse than Penn
helldivers 2 borderless window doesn't work and it's annoying to tab out
I feel like the goofy stuff in this game doesnt hit right, they should have played it straight up and way more zombies.
speak, testing audio
nope all good
sorry to command you like a dog lol my bad
good news for those that play on pc, the ms direct sr stuff is what we thought it was, unaversal hoocks for dlss,fsr, and xess
they will becouse they are already doing the work
direct storage requires engine implementation, which is why its taking awhile
did you see dune 2? did you like it? did you fuck the bucket
The composer said he's already working on the next movie's soundtrack
it does need messiah to fully close the book on paul, so I'm glad they seem to feel the same way about doing that at least
after messiah stuff starts going off the rails and needing more aggressive adaptation IMO
I continue to be impressed by the class gameplay trailers dragons dogma 2 keeps releasing
I started reading The Three-Body Problem, though I prob won't see the 2 adaptations coming out soon
who did the voice line for in the pipe bye bye bye. i think they do a line in helldivers 2
won't read dune, why the hell not
I assume your priority after gdc, based on your intrists, is rise of the ronan?
since I know your a big ac person
I really hope that game is good
didn't know there was weird Dune people, but it's 2024 so of course there are
I wish rise of the ronin looked better from a visual standpoint.
It is a TeamNinja game but it's post-Itagaki TeamNinja game
for me its dd2 b/c they release the exact same dday (march 22nd)
I’m definitely in the mood for a ronin game especially after watching Blue Eye Samurai and now watching Shogun
Oh hey, happy Superman birthday to all
the general review I’ve gotten was dune was a really good book and the sequels are ok.
my guess most gamespress will be focusing on rise of the ronon, as for me il be in dd2 land.
Dune has been one of my favourite books since I was a teen, Messiah is a good sequel and basically an extended epilogue
Lol you mean more than it already was?
you think the necromancer series is worth a read or just wait till it's adapted
I’ve only read dune.
Children has some weird and problematic stuff in it but is basically still connected to Dune/Messiah directly, God Emperor has like a thousand year time skip
Neuromancer is a super breezy read and a ton of fun
I'd argue it's good literature, there's a lot of themes and ideas that Herbert wasn't even heavy handed about
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
I am in the minority, but when it comes to books I very myuch prefer audio books
must not have read many books LUL
I have been curious about casting for rumoured neuromancer adaptations for like 20 years at this point
i feel like it's odd too that david goyel just left foundation and then they announce that
is neuroma nicer a little dated ?
nueromancer
a little, but no more than something like blade runner
I just listened to red dragon and have the silence of the lambs on hold and that’s a little dated in some aspects.
March is surprisingly chock full of high profile movies
did it basically not usher in cyberpunk as a genre
I still can't believe Kung Fu Panda 4 is happening
For me the series hit its peak at 2
3 is decent keeps about on par with 1
That new Godzilla x Kong movie looks gleefully stupid
the electric pink godzilla looks so rad
LOTR could also be dated, but I'd not say not to read it
And Ghostbusters Frozen Kingdom
I’m always surprised with how far animation keeps going so those usually help newer animated movies.
LOTR is much more of a slog than dune or neuromancer
much more travelogue content, much more sitting around campfires taking elven songs very seriously
the vocabulary of dune made it hard for me
the hobbit is a much smoother read.
imo
Alan Wake, too
it does make neuromancer easier to adapt, possibly
he writes like that
what's next to adapt, Snow Crash?
the challenge with dune was always the amount of internality  - a lot of internal dialogue, silent dialogue, prophetic visions - and the amount of politics and sprawl
Lmao
as someone who has loved the book for 25 years, it was a better adaptation than I had ever hoped for
Is that NPC wearing a fat suit? LUL
@TomReeve I concur
does the second movie finish the book?
I believe the book has three parts.
just like the second spider verse movie.
I was not the only one in the theater wondering if the movie was really over.
The second Spider-Verse felt like the Matrix Reloaded
Narratively
but she’s zendaya.
would a 10 episode tv show suffer from not having the same budget?
cause it seems like  tv shows leaves more space for book adaptations with out having to take multiple years.
unless you don’t finish the book in a season.
Did anyone here see James Gunn's reveal of the Superman symbol?
did he finally use the cool S or is he a coward
there is also a full body shot going around from set
He renamed it just Superman now
just do kingdom come and call it a day. oscar boom
WB just wanted to play catch up
may he rest in peace, my favrite dc stuff, is still the dcau
Speaking of which, Mark Hamill and Kevin Conroy are confirmed to be in Justice League Crisis on Infinite Earths part 3
Animated movie coming in fall
and that will be his final poformance
Supposedly
and with that, the best batman there ever was, and will be, will come to a end.
Pun intended
Whats your favorite episode?
Name a few
Oh there are lol
I know why it never happend/will happen, but still want a batman beyond game
tbc a AAA game.
They did make one lol
I've got Batman in my Basement comes to mind
are you out of your mind, no way would it be cheaper, batman beyond is more vertical than batman in terms of the world.
As a not particularly great episode
Joker's Wild is a bit of a stinket
A lot of people dislike Critters
I would be down for that.
Did you watch the Batman Beyond movie?
Return of the Joker, yes
It was pretty decent
Glad I watched the uncensored version first
doesnt sucide squad still mostly takeplacce on the ground, same with arkham games. batman beyound is mostly rooftops, very high towers and cyberpunk clubs.
Depends. How do you remember the Joker dying?
He dies differently depending on the version
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
but they would never make a batman beyond game regardles becouse cyberpunk (genre) doesnt sell.
I feel bad that Batman Beyond movie won't happen any time soon, but the 20th anniversary Bluray sold for shit
oh the westworld thingy
In-store?
Ah ok
PEGI rating hexagon?
Are Blurays region free?
a ton of Anime 4k apparently are region locked
Blurays are in wider regions than DVD
thats how I got the cornetto trilogy. and the digital codes sucked
weer UK only
my computer doesnt even have a dic drive lol
do blurays degrade over time like dvd's did?
DVDs also didn't really degrade if they were stored at reasonable temps
Lmao the PS3 apparently got a system update today LUL
I still have CDRS from the 90s that work
reminds me of how to survive
^ Same developer
ahhhhh
how to survive: Zombie island (PS4) lol
gotcha. actually liked that game a lot
So this has been a whiplash week for Star wars licensed games, yeah?
Kotor remake, alive? Respawn Starwars FPS dead, star wars Mando game undetermined?
the marketting really let that game down
I kinda wonder if they also looked at sales for TLoU as a TV tie in thing
no
yeah but come on, it's star wars vs some generic looking game they only marketed months before release
I just think we’re in an era of multiplayer. so a lot of players are shying away from single player games
its Star wars vs "CoD /w magic"
I like what I've played of it
immortals made me yearn for the order 1881
The order 1886 had a frickin vibe
order was way way too short for its price
but also Who thought a GaaS Twisted Metal was a thing?
did that twisted metal show come out yet?
yeah it came out
it looked not great
Didn't they get a second season order?
yeah TM got a second order
oh man yea I'll be disapointed if the fallout show sucks.
also.. I guess apple ordered a neuromancer show
I hope fallout is good? atleast they are reissuing the mini nuke CE now with Fallout 4 but no 76?
It's all about X-Men 97 for me
i think immortals vs a mando game from devs that haven't missed in recent years that are great at fast movement just doesn't make sense. mando would have been successful if given the chance
yea I guess with each announcement you can only really hope for the best expect the worst
GreatDismal is positive and hey this is progress there have been neuromancer scripts since forever but it had seemed cursed / irrelevant
I said a few months back " with all this AI BS Neuromancer is relevant again:"
UGH yeah I watched all 8, and it didn't even finish half the book, it was sad. and it took so much time from William that it delayed Jackpot
man that story for titanfall 2 was so good.
i feel like people have come around on titanfall 2 in the way that if a 3rd game came out people would be pumped.
I think you could do Pattern Recognition butt the videos are on TikTOk instead :P
so what are they having respawn make now that they cancaled the mandalorian shooter @Aegies
Jedi 3 is in an iffy spot with no lead. and who knows
they said jedi 3 is a focus for them
Lmaoooooooooo I
the last one wasin 4, so
Bio Terrorist Kitty
You're being trolled
I know that pain
Lets count as 4 before it was stable
this indastry would be in aa more healthy place if games took 3 to 4 years
if this console generation (for xbox ?) is 6 years that makes some things longer than a generation which is maddness
im in the minorty, but I would 100% take 360 era models/anamations to get much greater use of raytracing/pathtracing, and it would have the knock on efect of being cheaper for devs too.
i'm curious where they go w/ the story for jedi 3 because ****spoilers**** they go into the high republic stuff for the first time in media outside of books and I want to see if they dabble again
also does kal's story end in the games or do they leave it open for cameron to come to live action
they'll pull a "suddenly the emperor returned"
Kal could pop up in Obiwan season 2 but he should have been in the BG for season 1
they should do an animated what if for star wars
what if vader lived at the end of return of jedi
yeah, heck we haven't even heard if they retooled Terf looser's show into a Timothy Olyphant vehicle
someone did edit that down into a movie, spoiler, it's a lot better lol
They did that in Dark Horse comics @kgvstheworld
He got a white costume
yeah I wonder when Dark Horse comics will get sold
#embraced
It just doesn't exist anymore
All their licenses went back to Disney
Embracer group bought them
all their licenses for Lucas got lost and then their licenses from Fox...
Which sucks because they made some great stuff
in all seriousness, what's the end goal now for embracer?
Unless you're Marvel
the goal now is to sell off limbs and hope
They're not but at least Uncle Walt is footing the bill
Marvel is in an iffy spot especially if Pappa D is impatient
I mean 50% of dark horses revenue was menga, dispite only being 1% of its output
So sell Saber, Gearbox, Asmodee, Dark Horse
Embracer owns 30% of the Table top market
You know what they need to fucking reprint? Batman vs Predator
Especially the first one
they do own Lord of the Rings (mostly used by their ownedd fgroup Fantasy Flight for a CCG)
I mean worker treatment aside, manga control a overwhelming amount of the market.
why most of their sales are trade backs?
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
Manga is a crapshoot. There's maybe a 1 in a million chance you become a successful Mangaka
atleast in the us its trade backs, not week to week issues like western comics
@eathdemon because they're otherwise collected in phone books
Lol
Wow
Wtf was that
I think selling trade backs is more sustainable than depending on week to week issue sales
It's a paradox. If too many people wait for the trades and don't pick up enough single issues, the market collapses
so how does the recruiting zombies to do stuff for you work?
That was a big problem during the 90s
atleast in the US, the biggest menga distuptor doesnt in try to sell single issues, instead they do a $4 a month sub
also probly why western comics lost out to menga, b/c in the west manga has always been mostly trade backs.
which is why the $4 a month sub makes sense for them for people who want to do week to week.
There's a difference in distribution between US and Japan. manga are typically released on a monthly or a weekly chapter-by-chapter basis through manga magazines such as Weekly Shōnen Jump, (which has been in circulation since 1968). If a series is popular enough, its chapters are then collected and published into volumes called tankōbon volumes, which usually feature a few chapters of the overall story.
A single manga chapter would be equivalent to a single monthly issue but there's a big discrepancy in page count
@jinpei05 yup manga, even in japan, was never single issue, they were alway part of a larger colection
Is this game still in early access or is this the final version?
is this a good zombie game worth getting just looking for opinions
you would be suprised how big the menga section is in my local barns and noble, and I like in floridia, not a place you would consider be a center of geek/nerd stuff.
there was a how to survive 2
I live in flordia, not ny/ca
weeebs are every where, also Furries
Manga and anime is mainstream in America
Has been for decades
true I guess, there have been a few studies that show about 45% of gen z watch anime regularly
Game too short, thus we need to be assholes at the 70% mark
Christ. I remember trading poorly subtitled anime on VHS tapes
I am old
blockbuster anime
vampire hunter d
3 episodes a tape.
$30 for a dubbed movie on VHS LUL
Wtf
oh man I got a dbz vhs for a birthday once that had yea like 2 eps.
I think the Pokémon vhs were 3
Like $50
3-4 eps on a dvd for  $30-50.  Betteer than 2-3 eps per VHS for $100
Me and my friends still traded subbed tapes because it was too expensive lol
now you can just sub to crunchyrool/hidive and netflix and call it a day.
Oh man, fucking crunchyroll and funimation
The days of being within walking distance of a blockbuster and an unlimited rental pass.
I miss Family Video
That shit finally died in 2021
The Blockbuster Training video with the werid ghost in the monitors telling the girl what to do is a vibe
though disney+ get 1 anime a seasson, though that mostly seems to be disney jp  gets one and western disney is like wtf do we do with this lol.
Yeah Family Video was solid too.
Did I ever share how I scored nearly half a million club Nintendo points?
Lol.
NOthing is ever as cursed as a ticket master machine
I assume you worked at a rental place and just snagged the codes while unboxing the games
I had a membership at family video and there were several in my hometown. They of course rented Nintendo games, but none of the workers ever bothered to take out the inserts.
I had the hook up at CD Wearhouse back in the day. I could just borrow stuff and bring it back whenever.
So I just helped myself to them and scored nearly half a million club Nintendo points.
honestly I wish the ftc didnt waste their time with the ms/activision stuff, and went after ticket master instead
Used them for limited edition swag that was actually cool like a Mario hat or Hanafuda cards
Sold it on ebay for a premium
^ or LE Wii Superfamicom controllers
I think I ended up selling so much stuff one year a trip to PAX West was completely paid for.
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
Like airfare, hotel, and food
dam
Then I scored more PAX swag which I ended up selling for a plane ticket to Korea the following winter lol
I must've saved at least $6000 by renting games instead of buying them
Well that's fucking gross
Oh hey, Nicole Kidman is shooting new AMC promos and the old one stopped showing as of today
Not for Disney Pixar movies lol
They re-released Soul, Turning Red, and Luca and NO ONE is going to see them
They should have released them in theaters instead of shoving them off to streaming
Thanks for the stream
Fuck the popcorn bucket zLu
good night!
The Dragons Dogma 2 hype is getting out of control
im in the dragons dogma 2 waiting room, 2 weeks to go.
im hyped about dragons dagma 2, but I know what dragons dogma 2 is going to be. ny fear is theres guna be alot of people that see the hype, and buy/revew it, in the game presses case, and totaly miss understand what it is.
Aegies is now live! Streaming Banishers: Ghosts of New Eden: just banishing, like you do. (and trying to figure out what i'm streaming next) !banishers
Evening Arthur. Hope you had a decent weekend. I mourned Akira Toriyama by rewatching Dr. Slump
I supect if they havent sent revew code out, they will soon
I vote for Metal Gear Solid 3 Snake Eater as your next game
yeah
Arthur will your 4080 run Dragons Dogma 2 at 60fps?
@loopboop at 1440p probly
So the switch version of Contra OG is pretty trash
Bad framerate, screen tearing, etc.
Yep
It comes out tomorrow tho
Evening
I mean eventually it could get better but not in time for launch
just through raw attrition of install base
expected, but still dissapointed aspyre didnt add crossplay to the battlefront classic colection
I'd say both
Do they still have to pay the Sony tax for cross play?
Did we watch the Oscars?
Are we sure Sony didnt sabotage again
It was actually a well run show
what happened to emma stone
funny thich though, I had a coversation with a enginer from night dive studios who was shocked they didnt do crossplay, b/c its both cheaper and less work than hosting 4 player managment systems lol.
John Cena coming out in next to nothing was not on my Oscars bingo card
I think if Lily Gladstone was in Best Supporting Actress she would have won
so you think sony was the big obstical here?
Considering how much she got overshadowed in her movie
I wonder if a lack of cross play hurt MK1
And yes I agree with the racism bit
Evening ladies and gents
Evening Cowboy
MK1 has a bigger issue being half baked when it was released
MK11 on the switch wasn't terrible
Hello
It's pretty bad on Switch
hello
well I suppose upside is theres a prity heathy mod scene for the old batt;lefront games that seems happy to move over, and no crossplay means less headaches
I couldn't see much of a difference between 11 and 1 but that could be YouTube's fault
I have the Tekken bug
confirming dune pt 2 is awesome
Hey Grayson
how are the new 4K films you just got Arthur?
The story mode is great but Invasion sucks. The hardcore fighting game fans have all but condemned it
@graysonevans who are you playing as?
victor so far
Do the hardcore fighting game fans matter for a Mortal Kombat game? It kind of feels like the CoD or fighting games
*of
well multiverses is comming back lol
@aegies  why does it seem like every game is too long. Was playing plague tale requiem and it's so long
It doesn't help that WB is nickel and dime-ing their audience hard
if you like the podcast or the stream, you can always tip over at ko-fi.com/aegies
MK1 but also Suicide Squad
Nothing can ever be as bad as that last Dragon Ball Z Blu-ray set
This was worse
hola everyone
Sup
im kinda suprised wb is going through with releasing multiverses (smash bros like)
I have watched the Abyss 30 times but haven’t seen it in 20 years. also because my cousins copy was a copy from VHS I don’t know what the first 35 minutes of the abyss is like.
I think Multiverses had a pretty strong audience…I think
What's your playtime on this game. Seems long
They upgrades MVS with unreal 5
they ended the beta b/c its playerbase dropped of a cliff
They ran DBZ through a DNR filter which wiped out linework then added an artificial grain filter on top of it
But yeah, that T2 disc is awful too. I think that's the one I have.
Oof
oh yea…I am proud to announce I finished Lords of the Fallen, was surprised to see that 18% of players stuck it out too and got the complete achievement
another game that was way too long
people think zelda or mario is nintendos most expensive game serries, nooooope, smash bros is by far and away nintendos most expensive games, its why its so hard for other devs cant justify the budget to make one as good.
they should not make another Terminator film. would love another tv show
For anyone whose played plague tale requiem, I heard the second half is garbage. Can anyone confirm?
yes
I enjoyed the 2nd half
I can't wait to see what they do with that third game
I did feel it could have been a couple hrs shorter but really enjoyed it
its not a contest smash bros it, it had like 60 fighter on release
@deck__ heard that too
@eathdemon it had over 100
but the anamations/inpact feels way better than any smash like, so
@deck__ too much fluff
all smash likes fail in that catagory b/c of how expensive it is to do anamations
any idea how much longer you have?
Was Smash codeveloped with Bandai Namco?
old blizzard had that
Anyone else but Aveum for$8. What a steak
Steal
thats why im very concerned if nintendo tries to do another smash brother that doesnt have sakuri, the guy was intramental to how smash feels.
that was the magic with Destiny for me…it was impossible to find that satisfaction when shooting something, if it’s one thing Bungie has figured out it’s shooting
@eathdemon hes coming back he said
Sa Ku Rai
I think the smash games look amazing
wait did he?
I think he did
Yep. And it cost him his health
he said he was coming back for another smash I think
the thing about smash brothers, is oit wasnt made internaly the last 2 nintendo contracted a team from bandi, and put sakuria as the one in charge.
We wouldn't have Evil Within 2 or Hi-Fi Rush if Mikami didn't take a step back to mentor
so I dont think he has a numbeer 2/ aprentice, as far as I know.
mentee
never played EW2, was always tempted but never jumped in
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
you think we ever see a Metal Gear Solid 6?
Evil Within 2 is great
A little janky in the middle but absolutely worth playing through
and tbc I am well aware game dev is a team effort, just smash bros has shown to be such a unique case, where it really has been the vision of 1 person.
metal gear 5 is on sale for 18 bucks. Great price for the game.
what would you even do for MGS 6?
@graysonevans take it to space
xbox
like the stories are told there isn't much time left to set a game in
MGS5 is such a monkeys paw of a video game
really since when? I didn’t know that. I already own it.
The stories in MGS are nonsense anyway. No reason they can't set it whenever and just say he's a clone of a clone of Snake
I agree with you, just pointing it out.
@0ne2wo they aren't nonesense
I say nonsense with affection
Stiff like this in games infuriates me
only after 50 hours have a hit an annoying part in FF7 rebirth
Gameplay wise?
yeah and it was just a side thing
everything else has been great
Gotcha. That's not too bad then
all the side stuff has story attached to it which is really great
plus really good loot
How long ago did MGS 5 come out?
like 8 years?
Holy crap
are you going to replay 4?
It still looks good
replaying it after playing the others made is way better
I meant MGS 5
Arthur why is AI bad in games?  meaning Voice over/NPCs/Art Assets?
has ther been any inkling when Vol2 of MGS collection will be out?
mg4 was the only ps3 game I ever played, loved it at the time
Vol 1 wasn't so
Vol 1 has been getting patches but I haven't checked on them in a while
wasn't it stuck on PS3 due to PS1 emulator built into the game?
yeah I am just saying it won't be 4K
when is mg3 remake? …is that this yr or next?
they are just gon release it like Vol 1
I still strongly think you should play OG MGS3 before the remake
I never played og mgs3 but I feel like at this point I’ll just wait
I keep forgetting that's not coming to PC day and date
Is Rise of the Ronin a souls type game?
well got battlefront collection on ensday, and next week dd2
Rise of the Ronin is looking pretty good in previews
it makes sense for what you are doing
it would be weird to play the OG games but skip 3
iv seen mixed impressions on rise
@gt_jamesatl more like Assassin's Creed
I’m still disappointed Team Ninja isn’t just doing Nioh 3 but I respect they want to do other things
So given AI is at its core iterative/derivative you see no likely acceptable implementation?
Team Ninja isn't the same since Itagaki left
you could like, pay creatives. crazy idea
@deck__ did you play Stranger of Paradise?
@loopboop machine learning is already used in game making all the time. But what everyone is calling "AI" now has been shown without doubt to be stealing material
@0ne2wo no I didn’t
after dd2, things cool down til dawntrail, ff14 xpack in june or july, for me.
@0ne2wo until a quick google now I don’t think I knew team ninja had anything to do with it
@deck__ It's not Nioh 3 but it had a similar feel to those games. I'm not sure if the same part of Team Ninja worked on it though
I see it’s on sale a few places, I’ll check it out…thanks!!
Of course! Let me know what you think
Stranger of Paradise is also a reamke of FF1 lol
It sure is lol
I get that. But he brought a very unique spirit to his work
wo long was WAY to long
Ninja Gaiden still hits hard after all these years
wewll tictok is looking like its guna get banned in the us.
Every time I see "stranger of paradise" I think "Thunder in Paradise"
wo long was like 40 hours
I never beat is becuase it go to reptetitive
I think Devils Third gave us some insight into what came from Itagaki
we will see
Neither party wants to ban Tiktok in an election year
But supremely unpopular
@graysonevans yea those last few “stages” were rough…it was just repeats of the early levels with a mix up of enemies
Can we work on banning Facebook as well
DOnt worry Kotick will fix it
the same enemies
Fair
@Deck__ yeah it got REALLY boring
I also would like to see TikTok banned
I would be sad if Tik Tok was banned.  I would miss my Schnauzer video feeds I check every day.
while im definitly center left, this is where I breack with the lefty I think a forgin influance platform, which tictok is, from a forgin adversory should be allowed
Problem with Tiktok getting banned is Meta reels blows up
Reels is already huge
no shoyuld be banned
typo sorry
should.
yeah Reels are for the OLDs
@eathdemon I am pretty sure banning TikTok is more a conservative talking point
You wound me @sinarisx
The reciprocation that they can ban our social media is what rubs me the wrong way.
Facebook is bad for kids as well
Social media is bad for kids
the hell is reels
Kids don't use Facebook
@GraysonEvans this is a case of the reasson they want to ban it is wrong, but its still the right move.
No, CHINA can ban all of our stuff but we cant ban there
theirs
Reels are where people repost their TikTok content with the watermark still on it
Reels gets angryy at Tiktok watermarks. now Youtube shorts
Wait, that works???
I'm a giant introvert so I don't even understand the desire for social media
The fact that Youtube didnt capture short form and screwed that up is astonishing
so on that I breack with the left.
Youtube is .... youtube is rudderless?
Google is rudderless
@eathdemon the left want TikTok, because online activism = activism
I like the part of the "left" that believes corporate donation = rigging an election
Google has managed to destroy the editorial internet. which is impressive Facebook lied to morons and somehow caused less damage?
Arthur thoughts on Reddit IPO they(reddit) value themselves at 6.5billion
Why hasn't their advertising monopoly being attacked yet?
dirtbag leftists continue to say unhinged things
such as?
In disturbing news, a former Boeing employee who became a whistle-blower was found dead today of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot
so for those that are pareting the claim the bill would allow them to block any socail media platform is objectivly not true, the bill explicitly says forgin advsory. that term is defined in law as nk, ccp, rusia, iran, and venuzula
Google reminds me of blockbuster, they ran their business model into the ground
they also breath air
It was in the middle of multiple days of testimony
Blockbuster ignored Redbox and kinda had a half assed approach to netflix
Blockbuster could have purchased Netflix for $50 million back in the day LUL
Not as bad as Sears that ignored and gave up basically every opportunity
They would've run Redbox into the ground
or would they ahve killed netflix
no
Sears was bled dry by venture capitalists
overrated
In some ways STARS is mroe responsible than netlfix
I was fine with streaming when it was just Netflix
i like stream stuff but i dont watch tv much
I like the convenience, I don't like everything elsr
But what do I know, I still watch antenna tv
I feel pretty good about the Plex economy
Sears got bought by the Kreski(?) family (kmart fail sons) and then mismanaged everything
I do, but than again what I watched was niche and expensive to watch before steaming (anime)
they talked about it in Billions
Mitt Romney and Bain Capital is why Toys R Us is dead
In the US
Yup
but like if Sears didn't close their catalog stores they could have done the Amazon locker work around years earlier
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
There's a name I haven't thought of in ages
Netflix still had the greatest thing I’ve seen at my job. I told one 10 people to watch Dexter on Netflix when they put the first two seasons up. Within 2 months my whole area at work was obsessed.  Netflix use to get people into shows on Cable so fast.
Now my former Toys R Us is a Hobby Lobby... which is somehow the worst outcome
Hobby Lobby. Ugh
Ugh
I hope so
When upper management, like Blockbuster, doesn't pivot it's because they all have golden parachutes and 3-5 years before retirement.
Bad enough they're a fake-ass Christian company, they actively steal a country's cultural treasures
Have you ever heard the fun giggle that Michaels employees get when folks try to return Hobby Lobby stolen goods?
yarn barn?
Michaels
HObby Lobby doesn't use barcodes, because the owner believes they are the literal mark of the beast
Jo Ann Fabrics
JoAnne Fabric
NOOOOO
I love JoAnne
Awww the Menonites in my area will be crushed when Joanns goes under
I’m going to tell my wife she loves Joann Fabric.
Early 2000s?
2010
if you like the podcast or the stream, you can always tip over at ko-fi.com/aegies
2007?
2012
Ahhh that makes sense
crash
financial decline
thanks obama
Crash
The Great Recession
Yep
Thats why I own the Deadspace anime
Best Buy incredibly resilient.
I bought my collectors edition of fallout 3 from a circuit city going out of business.
Too many stores?
EH? Walgreens has a reason for folks to go there. not BestBuy
Best Buy seemed super sad the last time I went a couple months ago
Also, good evening Arthur, chat thanksHi
at the best buy nearest my house it always seems like there's dozens of people working
yeah NOw my bestbuy is just the Service counter . they removed checkout and its just a few vending machines
The only thing to do is bring back Service Merchandise
I essentially go to Costco, Home Depot, and that's it.  Everything else is Amazon.
what about the squad that helps yer gramma set up the innernetting?
Yeah, I spend way less there now
RIP Gamer club unlocked ddashF
my Best Buy was so nice. it made me go in the store so much more.
They removed the best BigBox store loyalty program. I hear Target's is good. but Never gonna trust their shit again after they were hacked
Not even Gamer Club Unlocked. They killed their whole rewards program
now Homedepot was worse. because they used the same PoS system. and didn't update it ... which.....
The fact GameFly is around is mind blowing.
There’s a local department that has been open for over 100 years but they have gone anywhere because they never tried to expand so much that it kills the business. it’s called Boscov’s
But they're cheaper than Lowes
??
which store is that Arthur
BH Photo always surprises me
B&H photo is still around???
that they compete with teh big sites
We have B and H down in south Jersey
Their fucking website keeps kosher. which is wild
Arthur blank is one of the owners of Home Depot…also owns the falcons here in GA he seems like a good guy
How does a website keep Kosher?
B and H was also the way so many outlets purchased Consoles because they had a good invocing system
Oh I see
b&h is my go to spot for ordering camera gear
you cant order after sundown Friday till morning Sunday
Interesting
and I assume where ever the owners live uses "sabath mode" in their elevators which is kinda cheating. but .. who wants to walk up stairs?
damn it’s 11. good night everyone
Culturally Japan seems to have avoided/rejected corporate consolidation
Gnight
Gnight
I ate at a Kosher BBQ in Manhattan. It was pretty damn good but I still missed the pork
They can use a string running along telephone poles to define a "Home" so an entire neighborhood counts
you can leave home - it’s about permission to carry things
yeah an elevator that operates without needing buttons pressed is not using machinery
carrying is like labor
prolly has something to do with where they hang their hats or something?
Almost Amish
Its like how Wigs count as a head covering
which yeah... but rules lawyering hard
lol
That never ceases to baffle me
Orthodox Jews being Trump supporters
Do you think it is selfish/reckless for Biden to push another term?
At a certain point wealth makes people think they are no longer an ethnic / cultural minority
Gotcha
Pretty much
I dont think I will ever forgive/respect Ruth Ginsberg for her selfishness
oh yeah The Orthodox Messiah lives in Brooklyn, or did? their old one died
That makes sense then
How was GDC? What was the vibe?
Yeah, this feels like a witch hunt vibe
yes vampire Taco week is next week
aparently there is some weird contract nonsense that has kept gozhila minus one from releasing on digital.
I imagine its a bunch of current Bungie employees looking for jobs before shit goes down
kind of anoyed.
It was incredible in Imax. I hope it gets a rerelease
aparently its something to do with gozhila v kong, and the 2 companies cant release gozhila movies in the same calander year
huh.. yeah that happened before around Godzilla 1998 thats why it was a nightmare to get Godzilla 2000 for a stretch
I love how a petty squabble resulted in Barbenheimer
you would think Toho would learn
what did he want, people to go to threatres in the midle of a pandemic
and then MI: DR Part 1 did just normal numbers
I think Maverick was helped a lot more by nostalgia than just pent up anticipation
but I also think Part 1 turns folks off
also, young people went and saw maverick
Exactly. Because they loved the original and Tom Cruise
yeah the Demo that knows who Kenny Loggins is
I'm not saying pent up anticipation had nothing to do with it but by the time it came out movies were pretty much back
Summer
May 2022
Wasnt that summer 202
imagine what happens when the next strikes happen?
This summer it feels like a ghost town. It feels like there's only like 3-4 big releases.
That's 3 more years
There are a LOT of big movies this year
why is Dune releasing now, isntead of summer?
Yeah, spring is stacked because of the slide from last fall. Summer feels empty
Godzilla X Kong, Ghostbusters off the top of my head
yeah aint shit to do and weather is bad. so Movie theators are fun
Deadpool & Wolverine
Fall Guy
Beetlejuice Beetlejuice
Oh man that movie is getting savaged
Love lies Bleeding is going to rule.
Snack Shack
FINBAR
He's getting a John Wick
Magical Negroes
Yeah I saw lol
Monkey Man could be cool
Yeah Monkey Man looks great!
is monkey man peele?
Fall Guy
@heroinahalfshell he rescued it from Netflix
Civil War seems like it could go either way.
Oh they're re-releasing all the Spider-Man movies this year
for a second I thoght Abigail was part of the Nun universe. but no? its Dark Universe adjacent?
Godzilla x Kong looks fun and dumb
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
Dark Universe isn't a thing
What is Back to Black?
Furiosa is May
@0ne2wo Amy Whinehouse movie
wait Bad Boys 4? wasn't BB for Life terrible?
did they already do bad boys 4 life?
Nope
woooo Twisters!
Twisters is going to open big
Alien is a hulu movie right?
They reconfirmed it
kraken looks fun
*Kraven
Cgi Transformers movie
did i tell you we had a tornado warning last week, and turns out a tornado toucned down less than half a mile away
Thor is playing Optimus Prime
if you like the podcast or the stream, you can always tip over at ko-fi.com/aegies
Terrifier 3 is going to be big
new karate kid?
Ming Na
Holy crap @lunarhuntress !!! Glad y'all are safe
that has nothing to do with Cobra Kai which is weird
But is Hilary Swank in it?
Lol
All the live action Spider-Man movies are coming back this spring
banishers eh?
what?!
Ugh. Maybe skip em
yeah teh Sony Spider-meh verse films
what have you banished lately? Kappa
So out of Vemon, Venom: carnage, MOrbius, Madame Web, and now Kraven.... liek only Venom 1 was good?
Yes it does. That's why I'm there day one lol
I wonder if the Disney Sony deal to publish physical movies has something to do with their continued existence
im chilling in my own media cornor, anime, so hollywoods release calander has no effect on me lol
yeah gotta see it day one so you aren't watching Madame Web alone at 10am on a wednesday
@sinarisx Carnage was....weird. It felt like a movie desperately in need of an R rating
I thought I remember reading that the new Karate Kid movie was not going to be connected to Cobrai Kai, but I can't find it in any of the trade stories. I could have been mistaken.
so spiderverse 3 lol
and yet it was the secessful one
brains AND means
no way spiderverse cost anywhere near the mcu movies
That's largely thanks to Lord & Miller
That's probably for the best
endgame was 300m
I also think that something like Blade doesnt need to be this Triple digit project.
Like I'm glad they made a great movie but damn, have some respect for your workers
which is just nuty
Endgame should be the exception not the rule
I assume the most expensive part of making a moviee is the actors?
I'm still scratching my head over that casting
becouse endgame cost between 300 and 400m like wtf cost that much?
is this the 3rd attempt at Fantastic 4?
4th
the Corman monstrocity
Yep
can they just not lol
Just to keep the license
I think that Corman movie has charm to it
So that makes it the 5th?
if it never came out it doesn[t count!
there was one with Micahel B Jordan, right?
fan4stick done by the director who went on a Meth binge aledgedly
silver surfer
What a dour mess of a film
They wanted a silver surfer spin-off
did they really make money on those movies?
don’t think I’ve heard anyone say his name without saying the B
do you have any reason to think this one will be any better?
Arthur can you explain the venn diagram of games journalists and professional wrestling fans?
its fun saying Michael B Jordan knowing that he has to use that name because of Space Jam
but marvels recent track record is prity bad.
Its just weird how many prominent games journalists are obsessed with wrestling
Similar to the Venn Diagram of Early Podcasters and the Movie Pump Up The Volume
I mean Wrestling is pretty mainstream
is it me but between star wars, and marval not doing well, disney is in a bit of a mess?
As long as their theme parks continue to make money they're ok
Elemental did decent but still came up short by a bit
It definitely did better at the end than the start
I'm kind of excited for that Epic Mickey remaster
Yeah but it had over a $200 million budget
if you like the podcast or the stream, you can always tip over at ko-fi.com/aegies
Moana 2 gonna be huge
Buzz Lightyear
and are you ready to take your nieces to it when you visit over the holidays
Also folks are just using any excuse for "Go woke get Broke" for disney
Fall
@Sinarisx to be fair, Iger alluded to that
you think their moms are going to take them to see Moana 2?
Moana 2 is just the aborted TV show edited together into a film
What are the chances the Rock says something Homophobic at wrestlemania?
Is Brock Lesner cancelled or something?
@Sinarisx Roman already said something not great on Smackdown on Friday
dont see him anymore
@JohnFNSeiler of couse
Speaking of Not seeing.. I couldn't see John Cenas clothes last night
I thought hollywood hated Cena for the China stuff
China stuff?
I guess when you have Peacmaker and Gunn in your back pocket all is forgiven
oh lord Peacemaker that season 2 continuity seems insane
I thought it was all canon
I read that Season 1 of Peacemaker wasnt cannon
Season 2 is going to be post Superman
Gunn said season 1 is DCEU ie not relevant to what he's doing
I think its Ep 1,2 &7?
yea google says it wasnt cannon
I believe the episode 7 had a time stamp.
hmm I guess he needs the flexibility to use that character a different way
like after 28 minutes of episode 7.
which is a bummer cause peace maker was fun
Cena really went all in on that character.  I think its better than anything Rock has ever done.  Maybe better than Batista Drax
vigilante
Vigilante is fun
A shame his new movie doesn't sound so great
Ricky Stanicky
he went from oh no a Deadpool clone to a fun character for me.
He's the high point of MK1 right now
The Peacemaker opening credits is great.  It's pure Gunn
Did you know that was his wife before the show?
Are they pals?
honestly the peacemaker opening credits should have been what was made canon.
dawn of the dead.
I always giggle at James Gunn's 2nd acting role "Insane Masterbator"
Snyder should have Gunn write more movies.
wasn’t slither the Buffy guy?
Cabin in the Woods was the Cloverfield guy wasn't it?
sounds right
Yup
nathan fillian was probably why I thought slither was Wedon.
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
That's the one in the hotel
Slither was great
I believe that bad time came out when movie pass stopped working.
Do you think Gunn can fix DC? Principle photography on Superman started last week
I'm so stoked for Creature Commandos
The MCU worked because they had to use B Tier Heroes and couldn't just rely on Spidey and Xmen
Superman is such a tough character.  Bland, unstoppable, inevitably victorious.
Not really. There are some amazing stories with superman
That show is so good
yeah yeah Iron Man 2 was bad. And I wonder what Thor 2 would have been with Patty Jenkins making it a Rom Com
The Marvel movies were also authentic to the characters. Snyder's vision of the DCU is so completely different then what made those characters special.
As good as Dean Cain's Superman??  ...just kidding
Lmao
Hahahahaha
not having comic book knowledge helped me enjoy iron man 3. I liked the mandarin.
I roasted his Christian movie and he blocked me on Twitter
Man of Steel didn't feel much like Superman
Too bad BVS screwed all that up
They crammed DKR and The Death of Superman together and boy did it not work
I  dunno. MoS didn't feel very hopeful to me and that's what I come to that character for
My Adventures with Superman is more what I want out of Superman.
Pa Kent came off pretty nihilistic
i enjoyed hearing about what BVS was setting up.
Pa Kent told Clark he should have let those bus full of kids die instead of saving them.
red son is what I look for in a Superman movie.
The original story for Man of Steel 2 was much more compelling.
before it became BVS
Martha telling Clark to do whatever he wants isn't exactly to character
What was the original MoS2 pitch?
same thing for Dark Universe :P
I dunno how patient Zaslov is
Imo i think Snyder fundamentally doesn't understand the characters
Sometimes I think I hallucinated that Mummy movie
Dark Universe also got so cocky as to announce all the monsters and tehn pfft
@JohnFNSeiler Basically Batman would be the villain and would barely be in the movie. Clark would have to play detective to find him.
@0ne2wo PAN! PAN PAN! I will never forget that trailer misshap
Lol it's called x-ray vision
yeah lets give superman V batman the Predator Requem treatment
A peek under the cowl
@johnfnseiler agree with you on My Adventures with Superman
Absolutely great series
Did you set it to Easy?
@sinarisx oh man what a freaking mess
avpr broke down boundaries.
yeah AVP R. I dunno it was just so slow to go anywhere
yeah and thats a gamble
I think I like most predator related movies.
It gave us the Predalien
It's better than that Predator movie from a few years ago
Predators was great
I really like the final fight in predators
The best use of the Predator license is still the Capcom beat em up
Some people have an irrational hatred for Adrien Brody
Have you ever met Dan Trachtenberg?  I thought maybe you crossed paths back in the day through Cannata and that group
goodnight all
Gnight
He did the Totally Rad Show with Cannata
wait Garnett blocked you?
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
Its funny between the 3 totally rad guys, Dan was the goofball heel sorta.  Everyone thought Alex or Jeff would hit it big.
To be fair Jeff has been very succesful
do you listen to  Filmcast?
You said you listened to Gerstmann
That Ep also covers Hip hop somewhat
what is Germans show?
I wish Gertsman had someone else on his podcast because him just by himself is pretty dry
I mean he was the heart of the Bombcast
I think Ryan Davis was the heart of the Bombcast
and  if you pay more its Jeff & Glenn and the threat of a LimpBizCast. one episode per song
it’s like a talk radio show but with chat instead of call ins b
I am also watching his NES rankings.
I kinda wish he stopped pounding energy drinks
yeah the Drinks reviews is a Call back to the days of Arrow Pointing down. and early GB content
I just would like him to be more healthy, especially after Ryan
Jeff hasn't drank alcohol (or that much) in like 3+ years
Do you think you are closing in on the end?
Oh did you hear that story?
Fucjed up
You don't want to learn if you are more durable than an iPhone?
He was in the middle of giving whistle-blower testimony and was found dead today
Self-inflicted gunshot
If Its Boeing I'm (not) Going
Yeahi mentioned it earlier in the chat
I know people who worked at Boeing who don’t have much good to say.
Oh ok
Yeah super sus
https://www.politico.com/news/magazine/2024/02/26/former-boeing-employee-speaks-out-00142948
Yeah this guy was giving testimony against Boeing over several days and when he didn't show up they looked for him and found him dead
after the 737max fiasco you’d think they’d try to avoid making more news.
Boeing and Airbus.  Boeing was supposed to be the safer plane
Too big to fa
When my father worked for Delta he said they were all flying coffins and it didn't matter what you flew in.
Thanks for the stream
Thanks for the stream!
Have a great night everyone
Evening
How's your shoulder?
Weird
I'm glad it's feeling a little better
we are getting alot of d12 news suprisingly, ms is adding, but woill be a few years before we will see it in games, a way to move some cpu queing work over to the gpu
I know it said, it only works on 30 serries and upm and upcoming rdna 3 gpus.
as in rdna 2 gpus (ps5/x/s)
dont support it
Aegies is now live! Streaming Banishers: Ghosts of New Eden: just banishing, like you do. (and trying to figure out what i'm streaming next) !banishers
Are you in possession of Dragons Dogma 2 review copy?
You are the only one I talk to
I havent seen anything
we will see how thios plays out in 4 years, the bigger news is the rirect sr stuff which we should see in the next year or so.
wait avater is 60 fps raytracing?
We haven't really seen many games designed for current gen yet
is it basic rt or rt gi?
thats prity impressive
hello
I may find most ubisoft games mindlessly boaring, but they are a techicly competent publisher
the sound effects fx mix on this game sounds amazing
good for people that like ubisofts game, I cant be arsed
no reasson the s/x cant do frame gen
I’m starting to think they shouldn’t release the PS5 PRo the price is going to be at least $600
I wonder if Cerny is the lead on the pro
@loopboop I would think Cerny is working on Next Gen
im not normal, but given current console prices, I rather spend the extra money on a pc, I think nintendo, weirdly has it right around 299 for a pure video game device.
and I sencerly belive thats why the console market has stagnated ince the ps2 era
Hello
I am finally nearing the end of FF7 rebirth after 60 hours and I loved 98% of it
and that "alot more" ids why I rather spend the extra money lol
@graysonevans niiiiice
this sweet baby shit seems to be taking on a bigger life than it should.
@braynbasher reminds me way to much of Gamergate
ny/ms/nintendo have been trying to breack in to eastern europe and chinia for the last 15 years, and dispite having alot of people that play games, they went nope and their core gamming market just by pcs lol
what is this? I completely am of the loop
even the big figures of gamergate have admited it was really dumb years later
Has no one learned not to try talking to these incels?
it's like the people who hang on to every word david jafe says
It just feels unsafe to engage
there’s so many reason to smack this type of thinking down when it sparks up.
Valve operates like a libertarian free fire zone
we saw it work with Milo
With Valve being a private company can they be forced to do something about it?
Evening Ford
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
I think a former Blizzard design has inserted himself as well.
designer
mark Kern? sorry former game executive
Was he one of the ones frequenting the Cosby Suite?
ugh, that guy sucks
true
I just couldn't remember if he was someone in that report. I'll Google it later
Hang in there man
You can't stop it like that
Deleting Twitter looks better every day
No, it just gets it out of my feeds
Does Bluesky have the ability to moderate people? I thought it was kind of a free for all
There's also a norm on Bluesky to block first and ask questions later
Gotcha
didnt they hire the former twitter safty person?
Someone with experience then
Yeah, I didn't hear anything out of that report that seemed bad
every time they tried its blown up in their faces
@eathdemon Bluesky? Not sure if you mean Yoel Roth, but he just went to Match Group
it’s all bullshit. If people who they believe are apart of DEI started to make their own shit and people exclusively brought those games… they would be lobbying their politicians to force DEI folks to make games for them. it’s all fucking bullshit.
Ok, I missed that
I cant say im not happy with what they are stupidly doing to the rnc
I heard the name sweet baby but I have 0 idea what the story is
@braynbasher You're not wrong
They consulted on God of War and Spider Man 2 among other things
@arianna_m Most of the time they Sweetbaby doesn’t even know what the game is. they just know the characters
They're working with Microsoft on South of Midnight
Which I am super excited for
right Arthur that was my point
@0ne2wo As soon as I saw the trailer, I wondered where SOuth of Midnight was going to learn about how a young black woman from the south acts.
Wasn't she always?
it’s a shame because now Sweet Baby will probably not be as visible as it should be.
@gt_jamesatl same! When I saw Sweet Baby was attached I breathed a sigh of relief
Did Sweet Baby work on Forspoken?
I love what they’re doing, but Sweet Baby is an awful name.
Change it to something cool like The Syndicate
Black Girl Gamers consulted on Forspoken
yeahhhh
the name sounds like a food delivery service
I have never heard Tenderqueer spoken out loud before
@0ne2wo The Twitch streamers?
@gt_jamesatl Maybe? I just remember the announcement
It contributes to the infintalization of marginalized groups that white people on the left have been doing for a while now
But they were brought in very late in development
@0ne2wo That makes too much sense now.  That group with a young and sarcastic.
I just don’t understand the play here. let’s say your right wing red pill pro business. freedom of speech…. With that thinking Sweet Baby should be able to run there business how ever the fuck they want. it makes no sense
It's not sincere
That's why they don't care when you call out the contradiction
I get it, and we aren’t a monolith. it’s just not my favorite.
yeah I know it’s just fucking drives me mad!!!
That's what they want to do
How is the Banishing this evening?
I just picked it up myself.
On to more important matters, we getting MGS3 playthrough after this?
Sweet Baby sounds like something people I grew up with in East Texas would come up with so it makes me smile
just playing me legendy colection, atleat til thursay , where il play some battlefront classic colection until dd2
Sweet Baby sounds like a BBQ sauce
Was looking for some fun story and combat.
I knocked the combat down to easy yesterday
sweet baby rays is a thing
@GT_JamesATL Sweet Baby Ray’s - a classic!
Oh!!! That's why
Zuck backing confirmed
people complaining about a lack of games, but this year, so far, has been prity good for me games wise
@psford That man has never seasoned anything in his life
I need a statement from John Sweet Baby Raymond co-signing the name.
There was a little humorous controversy about Sweet Baby Ray's sauce last year.  People found out he wasn't white.  Black twitter had fun with it.
@gt_jamesatl 😂
Man now I want BBQ
What's your play time so far?
tif it were shorter it woukld be hard to sell it for $70
....I did not know you could view that on the console
So it's not overly short either.
I didn't know you could look up play time
Is it better than Vampyr?
Are the side quests worth it in this game or should I mainline
I'm so glad Hellblade 2 is shorter
id hope you could, since steam has had that for ages
yah I'm in it for that kinda stuff for sure give me some spooky
Not so much spooky as uhhh deeply sad
When is the Embargo date on Dragons Dogma 2?
Having just finished Plague Tale 2, this gives me a similar vibe.
all this gamergate 2 stuff reminds me that in 2014 during game gate a film came out called “unfriended” which felt like a response to gamergate
I remember enjoying that movie
I mean you do keep hitting him
It's wild that gamergate was 10 years ago... I feel old
100%
It just moved to Congress
Evening Arthur and chat
nextemoteHibrad
Evening
How's the wing?
Yep
Lol I'm bringing back 20s era slang
that’s why “Unfriended” felt like a good movie for the time. it felt like revenge was the only option.
Oh no did you injure yourself Arthur?
was unfriended that haunted Skype movie?
They fired the X-Men 97 show runner???
yeah, but Arthur sleeping badly hurts him for weeks
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
Holy crap he deleted everything
Oh there's a huge scandal brewing
That man got ethered so fast
Wasn't he involved with the Witcher?
He was writing Blade
Yeahhhh Disney mustve found something pretty awful on him
Hopefully the scandal is just Iger didn't like his Blade script.
and Moon Knight (which should have had Blade appear)
on a good note the ruff master guitar has gone out to press and creators
Some people were saying it might have something to do with his OnlyFans account but he had that up long before Disney hired him
Are they still pretending they're making a Blade movie?
riff master
They will have to recast the Blade movie if they keep waiting.  The actors are getting old.
Blade will have a cane instead of a sword
It feels like that production is cursed
I hope they keep Mia Goth as a villain.
I kind of want a Midnight Suns adaptation
They Need to add Mia Goth in Sims 5 so I feel more sane
that’ll be the maxxxine post credit scene.
He was fantastic in that role too
I didn't know there was another Batman
everyone is mad at Gunn for the delay but Matt Reeves always take his time.
Did James Gunn delay it?
I thought this Batman was separate from his DCU
I hope they give Moon Knight a budget
rumor has it the script is ready yet
Well with a Batman delay there is always Time for Zoey Kravitz to star in a Grosse Pointe Blank series
I just want DC Animated.  I haven't watched a live DC movie in years.
my question is does Batman film delay. now delay the brave and the bold. the Batman and Damian Wayne film.
@gt_jamesatl maybe we'll get a Batman Beyond animated movie in a few years
The Spiderverse creators tried to do Batman Beyond and was told no.
I wonder if part of Peacemaker Season 1 being non cannon is replacing Aquaman and the flash
There is no DC live action landscape right now cinematically speaking
Who knows who's going to open WB by the time that movie comes out
they pinched it for months.
And they were told maybe
After being told no...at least that's their story
@gt_jamesatl did you not watch Crisis on Infinite Earths Part 1?
@jinpei05 Yes.  Twice.  They need to release part 2
I do. They're quite good. Or at least they were. Then they kinda sucked. Then they got better
the 2000-2010 dc animated films was fucking awesome run of films
Enough to keep making more and release them all physically
Part 2 comes out in April I think
And part 3 has Kevin Conroy and Mark Hamill
current run of dc animated is fine but I don’t like the animated style as much. I miss the hand drawn style of the early 00s
Crisis on Infinite Earth shocked me because Dr Light actually spoke.  She has been in many shows and movies but never said a word.
I just brought Disneys Wish and that 4K Blu-ray is very nice looking
That Aliens 4K disc was sold out on Amazon when I went to order it today
@braynbasher the Flashpoint Paradox was the last good movie before the movie quality went down
Arthur, I highly recommend the Wonder Woman movie from 2009 with Keri Russell and Nathan Fillion
Yeah the art style is wildly all over the place
And Batman Under the Red Hood
Under the Red Hood was good
Walmart is sold out too
And Batman vs TMNT was a lot of fun
The Matt Reeves Batman delay makes until 10/26 makes me think they are going to do the Long Halloween
Sweet! Ordering now
Walmart shipping is going to kill me on these 4k exclusives
Thank you!
@watchclint if your order is over $35 it's freee
I subscribe to Walmart's subscription service for free same day delivery
I just order a bunch of stuff to get me over the minimum and return what I don't want LUL
Totally worth it if you live near one. It comes with a Paramount+ subscription too
Nice
They actually did The Long Halloween in the animated movies. It was actually pretty decent
Jensen Ackles is a competent Batman
But an even better Red Hood
yes it was. I know Matt Reeves wanted to bring Clayface into Live action but I’m not suite how you do that in that world.
I hadn't checked out Gruv before. They're doing a 3 4k discs for $30 sale
I dunno if I trust Matt with Clayface. He made Riddler into a weird guy who seemed into Airsoft / paintball
There are some discs on my wishlist for dirt cheap here
Is GRUV the one that’s still selling UMDs?
Lol
That first Creed is still so good
I know you don’t do a YouTube videos but I would read or watch you do a series about what 4K films are good.
And to a lesser degree Jordan's directorial debut
What if Jordan had just done a live action anime Series instead?
He's a grumpy old dude
Hmmm 47 Ronin on UHD
I do love that Stalone is now working with a crazy grifter who's greed will probably destroy his main TV series
For $8 though...I kind of want proof that it existed
Taylor Sheridan
The creator of Yellowstone?
taylor is currently suing the lead of Yellowstone over a coffee company because he also has a coffee brand
No the younger guy
I thought Kevin Costner was the lead?
Costner left because he wanted to be paid more. The Lead but not the popular character I guess?
I’m happy to report Guy Ritchie’s “The Gentleman “ Netflix series is pretty good, but no one is talking about it
oh Taylors other weird thing is he owns the ranch they film all the yellowstone shows on and charges amazing production rent
hey hi
I was wondering how The Gentleman series was, and noticed a Sexy Beast series as well.
hey Pat
it is very good
Wait how do you do a Sexy Beast series?
Its a Prequel? or thats the description
I'm good! just finished streaming SUMMERHOUSE which is a cool and cheap cozy builder.
@sinarisx huh weird
yeah it's just a sandbox
It feels like Guy Ritchie, Jordan Peele, and Donald Glover all have seem to really understand what they are making with no notes
Ohh Gotham by Gaslight got an animated movie. I wonder if that was any good
I enjoyed his King Arthur movie
I guess I mean recently
Wrath of Man you got me there
It's not good but it's fun
@0ne2wo i liked Gotham by Gaslight though it is a pretty big departure from the source
Oh lord I heard  Patrick Wyman ( The most built man studying Roman History ) complain for hours about that King Arthur
The Gentleman he seems to be really enjoying himself
Wrath of Man wasn't the fun Guy Ritchie I was looking for
Speaking of Jake G, I am hearing some very polarizing things about that Roadhouse remake
@jinpei05 Hmmm I'll probably stream it then
man.. Swayze had a good vibe ish in Roadhouse. Gylenhall not as much
Jake Gyllenhaal seemed like an odd choice for that character
Lol just watch the original
Oh fun trash like The Transporter
Omg
Grounds for break up
Lol I liked Crank
I haven’t seen this movie in a while but is “Blind Fury” a trashy action film?
Are we talking Scott Adkins movies?
I liked the Transporter for Shu Qi
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
Is Crank the movie where they inject his heart with something?
They poison him
I got bored and finally watched an episode of Blood Drive and...  1) how was that on tv 2) its funny to see Jack Reacher look like a not that built Male stripper dressed up as a cop and constantly get the shit kicked out of him
In the first one
wow, just looked up Snatch, my intro to Statham, and it only had a $10M budget
Yup
Then the directors made a Ghost Rider film
Brad Pitt is nigh unintelligible in that movie LUL
I don't know if I saw Snatch
huh, The Great Web by Insomniac trailer leaked? someone is probably grumpy
Lol yeah it us
That is probably anti traveler
Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels was better IMO
I would have loved that multiplayer game but I understand it would have been hard to make work.
Seems like Sony is reversing course on a lot of their live service ambitions
yeah they are clearly Irish Travelers. which apart from adopting Jimmy Saville as an honorary member are fine
yeah no Service games should go to dedicated studios
give it to Sony Bend
They haven't closes Sony Bend yet?
does that mean Insomic is working on Spider man 3?
*closed
Didn't they trade a different character at the end of 2?
does north carolina have a lot of studios?
Huh
What's special about Silk?
Korean
hmmm… dreamt last night My company was hired to run the numbers on releasing spider man game on Xbox and I had to have it done by EOD and it was 2pm.
She was bitten by the same spider as Peter on the same field trip
@braynbasher what did your numbers say?
that dream wasn’t really about Spider-Man but my fear of deadlines at 2pm on a Friday
Weird Sony Bend is still there, also hiring. and has DAYS GONE as 1 of the 5 tabs at the top of their page. Lol NO remote work supported for: ID,MT,ND,SD,WY .. I dont know why
Oh that shit is rad
*suit
She's Korean
@one2wo I think Spider-Man on Xbox could sale probably 10 million each easy
yeah some states like Lousianna require taxes & inspection for Home Offices
@braynbasher You're probably right and I kid of expect to see them ported in the next 5 to 10 years
There was a rumor she was going to get introduced in Spider-Gwen's solo movie
It could also be the state taxes are a pain, Rob hit that problem working at vice  from Maine, and Klepeck in Illinois
Evening folks.
That was the plan last I heard
Sup @the_herlihy_boy
Sony is just throwing anything out there for spiderman movies.
Hey there Herlihy
All I know is Toei Supaidaman better show up in Beyond with Leopardon or I riot
The animated Spider-verse movies are very tame. They aren't even using the plots from the spiderverse comics (because it is fucking Stuuupid)
@gt_jamesatl They should do a Spider Gwen spin-off but Sony might be too Kraven
Maybe they will do a Spider-Ham movie
There's a Spider Noir Series in the works right?
@0ne2wo Oh, that is so bad. hah
How are you feeling now on this playthrough?
He was well received at the Oscarss
Spider-ham was going to be an animated series at one point
My thoughts exactly
Didn't they announce a Hit-Monkey movie a few years back?  I seem to remember that.
what did Milaney do?
If they did Spider-Ham i hope they introduce all the other characters in that universe like Crocter Strange
Do you think we see more shorter games if Hellblade 2 does well?
And knocked up Olivia Munn
And then hooked up with Olivia Munn fresh off of Aaron rodgers and had a kid with her
She had a girl
she had her baby already
@gt_jamesatl Hit Monkey wad a Hulu show
*was
Which was super funny because Rodgers was complaining about Covid vacc could make him sterile
Oh, I forgot about Milaney.  I did like his comedy
Yep
hey now don't slander our future vp aaron rodgers
Nothing against Olivia Munn but her Psylocke was awful LUL
May Aaron Rodgers never be allowed to return to his home town. where I live
I forgot we were going to get a Spiderverse film a month from now and it got delayed
I love how she just leaves at the end of Apocalypse lol
I think Olivia Munn is very funny and they should let her be in a comedy
@jinpei05 she saw the script for Dark Phoenix
I feel she did the same in the comics.  Just up and leave at the end of an arc
as an attack of the show fan I rooted for Olivia munn.
Nope never
I liked her in magic mike.
I man can dream that Spiderverse could’ve made it. I don’t even think it currently has a release date
2026 at the absolute earliest
@0ne2wo zing
Reading about Psyloche.  Didn't know she was gay.  I don't recall her ever having a romantic relationship when I read xmen.
You decide what you're streaming next yet?
I'm surprised Spiderverse didn't win an Oscar
Hello!
@0ne2wo no way Miyazaki was losing
Hello @misskalunji
The Boy and the Heron was bad though
I'm just bummed that the second Spider-Verse wasn't 3d - I'm not a big 3d fan but damn was Into the Spider-Verse awesome with it.
Easily Miyazaki's worst movie since Ponyo
@jinpei05 How are you :)!
@0ne2wo wasn't my favorite but I did like it
"gamers" are so damn fragile
@misskalunji aite. Welcome to the stream
Hmm I just hope the next Spiderverse sticks the landing. Also I hope they don’t do what they did with Last Jedi Trilogy pulling back on what seems like a fun budding relationship.
@jinpei05 Thank you :)!
How are you liking Banishers?
Hmm.. that Fallout 5 comment...   and ( things Todd told them was "his" ) But the show just seems to be nearer to Fallout 1 timeline and not 4
@The_Herlihy_Boy I assumed Fallout.  The TV show comes out soon and that's going to trigger emotions
@jinpei05 I didn't hate it but I don't love it
IMO Suzume should have been nominated over Elemental
I wouldnt call The Boy and the Haron bad. Its not my favorite.
did they announce a next gen upgrade for Fallout 4?
If you complete another playthrough of Fallout 4 they'll announce the Next Gen upgrade is out
Also tangentially if everyone was wondering about the 5th nominee Robot Dreams, it's getting a wide release in May
Nice!
oooh I’d play next gen fall out 4. I have t played one yet but have been worried they may be a bit dated for me.
really how did I miss that. I have the game and never really started. I guess I’ll wait.
It's possible that I'll enjoy The Boy and the Heron more with a rewatch later
@0ne2wo it's one of those movies that benefits from a re-watch imo
It should be on Max pretty soon right?
Nothing will beat my favorite Ghibli movie Porco Rosso
@jinpei05 Absolute classic
No idea
Yep
Yep
All the other Ghibli movies are there
Mononoke is my favorite. one of the first dvds we owned.
All Ghibli is Warner Discovery for a while
WB has the streaming rights to all the Ghibli movies
Porco Rosso was the first Anime I watched in Japanese class.  I didn't know what Anime was and had no idea why people liked Anime.  That movie didn't help.   I took the class for business purposes.
I think Nausica or Castle in the Sky are my favorites depending on the day.
Grave of the Fireflies if I'm in a bad place lol
Porco Rosso is my favorite Ghibli movie
Mine too
oof grave of the fireflies is excellent. but it’s brutal.
i got the pleasure of watching all of the ghibli movies with my wife for the first time (i had seen them, she hadnt)
what a joy
I highly recommend Porco Rosso Arthur
there’s quite the collection on max.
Only Yesterday is pretty good too
@heroinahalfshell yeahhhh the box of candy still makes me cry
yeah, just a bounty of great ghibli films on max
I saw Princess Mononoke and Spirited Away in the theater when they came out, but that's about it other than Totoro
Lol True Lies
Nice!!!
going to try to see the new Kristen Stewart film this weekend.
The TV series they tried to make off it last year bombed so hard
Leviathan is getting a 4K release???
I love that movie the way I love Event Horizon
@0ne2wo I just watched Event Horizon for the first time a week ago. I was not prepared, lol
I'm seeing Love Lies Bleeding, Kung Fu Panda 4, Snack Shack, and Magical Negroes
They reprinted that Event Horizon 4k steelbook if anyone was looking for a copy btw
Yes I know lol
I don't recommend adding it to your allowed word list LUL
@psford and that's without the Blood Orgy scene that's apparently lost forever
Not even on a Betmax in a trunk in an attic
betamax
@0ne2wo right - apparently there are single frames but nearly all of it was lost
Maybe. We did finally get a complete cut of metropolis
They did show the blood Orgy to a test audience. so it did get printed once.
if you like the podcast or the stream, you can always tip over at ko-fi.com/aegies
yeah thanks to Polish censorship we finally got Metropolis
@sinarisx I still can't believe they let him hire a bunch of sex workers to film it
@0ne2wo yeah.... its wild
Truly
The Secret Society of the Magical Negros is just a very funny name to me. Do you know what happen if Black People even tried to start a group with that name. it would be the top story for months.
Lol 😆
really what did I say?
Ohhhhh
Make into a Initialism like SCUM
what? hah
ohh.. I’m sorry I did t know that?
But saying Magical N-words is completely incorrect
Lmao
that’s the name of of the film though
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
I will not be speaking the name of that film out loud in public
Hey just FYI if anyone here is a fan of cookies, the new Pepperidge Farm Earl Grey Milanos are dangerously tasty.
Ohhhh those sound fantastic
@jinpei05 sheeeeit
I made milk tea and eat them pinkies up
Lol
I can't binge cookies before a stomach tattoo tho so they'll have to wait for this weekend
I didn't even want Girl Scout cookies and have got 2 boxes just because the restaurant owner friend of mine bought a ton. and I couldn't refuse
Oh what are you getting @0ne2wo
oh man, we don't get all the fancy flavors in nyc supermarkets, but i am looking out for earl grey milanos now
So does Dollar General
so. Little Brownie bakers which are 1 of the 2 companies that make Girl Scout Cookies is just Keebler. so Thin mints and Samoas are available year round
They're actually halfway decent in terms of health
Pretty sure I'm still carrying a few pounds from the amount of Girl Scout Cookies I ordered from [not that] Will Smith's kid during lockdown
Anyone here ever have the Adventurefuls?
Chocolate brownie with peanut butter core and caramel drizzle
@jinpei05 yeah, they're good
they got rid of Thanks a lots and they were my jam
They actually usurped Tagalongs as my favorite Girl Scout cookies
Yep
yes
@jinpei05 A 6 inch Queen Aalexandra's Birdwing. Nothing huge this time. I have a lot of nature on my skin
they changed them on the East coast to PB patties
I'm still laughing because they didn't bring back the raspberry rounds because they were getting scalped on ebay LUL
@0ne2wo nice
I just remembered something and it felt like I was having a stroke. There is an AriZona Iced Tea X Fallout energy boosted Tea?
@jinpei05 ...I would not buy food off of eBay
?
yup. feels wrong
@0ne2wo lol packaged snacks and sodas are on my safe list
Fair lol
Holy crap it's real
Damn, I'm a recent convert to Lemon-Ups GSCs, but there are also "Lemondades" that seemingly aren't on the East Coast and look amazing. Bullshit
Fallout TV show tie in
Also, fuck inflation, Girl Scout Cookies are up a buck this year. (yes, you now all have me ordering cookies)
It's not exactly an west coast / east coast thing. GS Troops choose which bakery to rep and that changes what cookies they have. I want to say one of the west coast troops choose between ABC & LBB
I haven't been let down by Jonathan Nolan yet
on a great note I’m still really good at Overwatch 2
@psford get the Smores they're good too
God I love fat chat LUL
Oh yeah there is an Overwatch x Porsche thing now. I guess OW2 players can afford a Porsche
Those Cowboy Bebop skins look bad
yeah it looks. like dookie
Maybe the worst cosmetics they've done for OW
But Also Bobby K should Buy TikTok
Don't worry Microsoft will pick up TikTok and fold it into Linkedin
NO MAKE IT PART OF MICROSOFT TEAMS
lure  Teens into TEAMS
SKYPE
Oh god. Having to submit a video resume sounds awful
Bring it back
Skype is a retro brand now
if you like the podcast or the stream, you can always tip over at ko-fi.com/aegies
As someone currently sifting through 200+ applications on Indeed I can confirm that they are not all getting a call
God I remember when I was told that a professor Family friend's son had a job at a new tech company making video conferencing for education. I said that sounded like hot trash. It was 2017 and that was Zoom.
I was reading an article on this.  Companies are flooded with AI written resumes now.  If your resume isn't unique and well written it just gets tossed out.
Some of them have applied more than 4 times
yeah Digital Natives apparently are bad at the internet
....but their resumes are awful
I hate it so much
They didn't grow up with computer-crashing popups when looking for, uh, adult material. Kids these days are soft on the internet
yeah I remember when if you used Gramerly on a resume you wouldn't get hired because of how generic it would be. now Gramerly is the 1st filter
Yep
I know when I have to go through resumes, I toss most of them.  They might be good candidates but if you can't write a decent 1 page resume, I don't believe you can do the job.
That's what they're taught
IF I DONT INCLUDE MY ORGANIZING PARTIES FOR MY SOROITY, you won't understand my craft
I have had than a few times on Resumes
I don't even see most resumes. HR filters everything - I get maybe 3-5 at a time for a position
I then told them they will be cleaning up lizard poop. its a fun look
If your resume makes me get to page 4 to find out what your relevant skillset or experience is I will not be calling
I'm currently trying to find nurses and pharmacists
Page 4?
Yup
Sounds like 4 pages of waste paper basketball shots.
I had an influencer want to work with our company and laughed when I asked for a business card. Threw away their contact but they ended up ruining their own career about a year later.
what are the things that make some stand out when there are hundreds. i assume at some point a bunch would have pretty similar qualifications
@gt_jamesatl Cover letter and academic accomplishments with absurd spacing somehow taking up 3 pages
It's a whole ass thing in Japan
I’ve had to read resumes and a lot of them look to be printed off of indeed or something.
an no one seems to fallow the one page rule.
Niiiiiiiiiice
I've been in my new position for 4 years and never ordered new business cards
I guess I should?
Oops
Weird
@psford if they're still in good condition you should be fine
Oh hey did anyone here try the Unicorn Overlord demo?
Not yet
@0ne2wo I mean, they are, but I have a pretty different job now, lol
My company's business cards are boring as dirt
Our old business cards were dark blue with a bright red logo in the center. They were painful to look at
yeah I got a very interesting Business card from Aftermath the other day
@psford in my experience you get so many business cards at a time. I get why you haven’t gotten new ones.
I met guy who gave me a business card made out of steel.
I ..have never felt older than I do having this conversation
it sure did stick out.
Walking between world seems ill advised
I liked Kevin Mitnicks business cards. it was a lockpick set
@sinarisx that is really freaking cool
yeah only ever saw pictures but its a cool gimmick
@heroInahalfshell honestly they just don't matter as much any more. when I was in my 20s I cared about being able to pass one to someone. now, not so much
The thing about the business card for me is that you put effort into atleast getting one. It's like you said about the cover letter. I
I knew one firm the business cards was a custom printed PCB. they were a PCB prototyping firm
@Sinarisx did anyone try soldering a lead onto the traces?
I never took measurements to see if you could solder chips onto it
MF still don’t want to stop the payload
true
I still love her though
I need to stop with the Balatro. and enjoy the 4 wins I have. because it made me quite angry last  night
Lmao. Why is Mr. Beast in Kung Fu Panda 4? Ugh
I hate him so much
I dont need to like Jimmy
That actively makes me want to not watch it now lol
"Hey poors - see how long you can rub this rusty nail! Last one crankin' it gets $100k"
im suprised publisher prevent press from saying they have a game, its so obvious when they do b/c they start talking around it lol.
Yeah and that's the only reason I haven't completely written him off
can we get Jimmy to Box a Paul brother?
I know, it just feels bad
Now he harasses retail workers
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
how did he warp it? is it because so many people watch him?
Everyone tries to act like Mr Beast now
He gave the Youtube algorithm dementia
I won't be paying for the fight, but I hope Tyson literally decapitates Jake Paul
Basically if you try to be unique and original, your videos get buried
Wait WHAT???
yup
Mike Tyson is fighting Jake Paul
Wtf
I’ll have to read that article. I haven’t seen a full Mr beast video.
July 20th
https://www.foxsports.com/stories/boxing/jake-paul-mike-tyson-boxing-match-odds
yeah 27 yr old vs 57 year old.
On the one hand, he'll be 58 when then fight goes down, on the other, he's still got some left in the tank
Are there odds on Jake Paul surviving?
I just hope Jake Paul didn't do anything to upset Mike Tyson or it may be a murder.
It's already rigged
I watched a video of Tyson’s warmup vs Paul. and Paul look like he’s in slowmotion comparitivley.
He's wearing head gear and Tyson is not
Mike Tyson is still terrifying at 57
Sure felt like that for his few fights
Not if they've seen Jake's content
Tyson got so angry at the boxing world, I am surprised he is even doing it at all
Let the man hit him a couple more times ref
I wouldn't get into the right with Tyson even if I was promised an extra life.
No kidding
Tyson is mostly angry at Don King
Jake Paul has influencer brain rot
I just think of the Tyson SNL sketch with a man in a punching bag becoming salsa
Clearly thinks he can take him
What if you get to wear head gear like Jake will?
I dunno - an uppercut from Tyson may just end me
Not worth it
yeah remember when the Paul brothers just let people know where they lived and didn't lock teh doors for years? tehre is a confidence or insanity
I want to be able to enjoy that money
Would be funny if Tyson took an obvious dive.  Like did Ronaldo flips and rolls after a punch
oh cool the fight is free if you have / steal netflix
I just hate how he thinks he's a legit fighter when his sheet is filled with retired athletes and not actual boxers
I don't think Tyson has a dive in him at this point. Just rage
Did that Uwe Boll boxing match ever happen?
Exactly. Logan Paul by all accounts is great at pro wrestling, and good for him. It's entertainment.
all time one of my favorite scenes in Martin where he fights Tommy Hearns and gets beat to shit. the makeup afterward was classic that’s what I imagine if you let Tyson hit you.
I know Tyson has his baggage but I hope he just obliterates him.
Jake is about to get a TBI
@0ne2wo yes he punched the fuck out of Richard 'Lowtax' Kyanka
@braynbasher lol his head looked like a pancake
make Jake Paul can get Musks mom to call of the fight.
maybe.
@heroInahalfshell LUL
@jinpei05 LOL
@sinarisx on man I need to track down that video
oh its on youtube in glorious 120p
Perfect
I think losing to a creator I. the boxing ring means you have to change your review.
After seeing Bloodrayne opening weekend I don't know that that's true @heroinahalfshell
that’s who uwe bowl was right? the tax evadingly bad movie maker who fought movie reviewers.
Bloodrayne. is tolerable. Bloodrayne 2. less so. House of the Dead.. yikes
Did he evade taxes?
I am upset that I have watched most of his video game films
@sinarisx did you see Alone in the Dark?
yes
I think he was a real life gene wilder from the producers.
I was the one one in the theater for that one
his movies were flops on purpose.
*only one
I had friends and alcohol at the time
Didn't he do House of the Dead? LUL
Silent Hill nails the look though
Silent Hill makes me angry because Brotherhood of the wolf was good
so maybe not tax evasion but whatever the plot of the producers was.
if you like the podcast or the stream, you can always tip over at ko-fi.com/aegies
Uwe Boll, didn't evade taxes he used a weird tax loophole for movie funding
I forget how it worked but once they closed it in Germany he stopped
His Postal movie was truly terrible
I guess his Farcry movie is the best just because Bourdain made a cameo
Arthur are you going to show your partner the Dungeon Siege film?
It starts Jason Stathem
Ooooof
The one with Marlon Wayans?
I forgot about that movie
That was Warriors of Virtue bad
I remember the Direct to SciFy D&D sequel
It wasn't bad.. compared to the original
stack that paper
That was better than the original
Hell yeah  I forgot Statham was in Ghosts of Mars
I saw warriors of virtue in theaters. than never saw anything about that movie ever again
He was amusing in the Beekeeper
I think so
I remember hearing a plot detail about the beekeeper and said .. huh thats a bit extreme and eugenics like
LL Cool J?
SWAT that has the dumbest harpoon scene ever
@sinarisx uhhh I think the summary was wrong
you're either swat or you're not LUL
Just VOD?
MGM
beekeeper still in my theater
The tech bro villain was pitch perfect
It did really well for the budget
40 mil budget reportedly. and not excessively advertised. so maybe 50-60 all in ?
I hope we get a sequel
Bless you
Did you take an antihistamine?
are they still making a Hobbs and Shaw 2?
We hit 70 here today
My allergies are murdering me. All the Almonds bloomed 3 weeks ago. and I was spreading out 24 bags of mulch. because I love my back
and hedge trimming
Supposed to rain tomorrow and Thursday
Probably not any time soon with The Rock doing a heel turn in WWE right now
good night all.
Hobbs and Shaw was very dumb and extremely fun. I loved it
Night, @Braynbasher
oh yeah . last week I learned John Wick 4 in Japan was released as John Wick: Consequences
Is The Rock still welcome in Hollywood?
He was at the oscars
Idris is having a ton of fun in Hobbs and Shaw
presenting
Black Adam was so bad
he has Moana 2 this year
Dammit. that might be tonights watch
I didn't pay anything to see it and I'm still mad
oh I hear such bad things about aquaman 2 : return of the fish fucker
Aquaman 2 makes me sad
That first movie still rocks
You can feel the reshoots in 2
I'm mad we didn't get a Trench movie
Aldis Hodge should get another shot to play in another Superhero film. talent was wasted in Black Adam.
First Aquaman was fun the second is trash, like shazam 2 bad
Shazam 2 was better
Oh god the less said about Shazam 2 the better
well hopefully we can count on The Batman sequel even with the recent delay
They freaking gave away the big cameo in their own advertising
The first Shazam was so good too
I still hold out hope that we will one day see Static Shock on the big screen.
I find it hard not to like Jason Momoa
also the outsiders. Long Shadow one of my favs
First Shazam is arguably the best DCEU movie
Low bar but still
The whole kid and adult body is fine in moderation for Shazam.  When its 5 of them it was too much
I would love a Vixen movie
I would put it above The Suicide Squad but below Birds of Prey
Wonder Woman is up there for me but that last third was so weak
Birds of Prey is fun. Between Ewan and that "I shaved my balls for this shirt" it rocks
The Suicide Squad is the best DCEU film.
yep about 2 hours ago.
good night
How many matches since then?
That is also true for Doctor Strange. Evil Glam nightmare Mads makes most of that film
Doctor Strange has a really strong visual identity that the second film lacked
if you like the podcast or the stream, you can always tip over at ko-fi.com/aegies
Even if I do love the weirdness
DS2 does feel like a Sam Raimi film. but yeah not as standout
Yeah, especially that last sequence with the Zombie Strange.
AMERICA
Low bar lol
"I don't even want to know!"
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
I enjoy it but it felt like America was added because marvel said she needed to be there
Did you see Eternals?
Yeah, but why not give her her own movie?
love and thunder misses it but its tolerable. Dark world feels pointless. Eternals took like 5 viewings to finish
All these second generation characters feel shoehorned into other stories. Like a backdoor pilot
It was all about Ma Dong Suk (Don Lee) for me
Eternals was a weird, gorgeous film that I'm sad didn't do better
They should make a Wong spinoff show. She Hulk kinda was
I loved She-Hulk
She Hulk was fantastic
I lliked She Hulk. Only Marvel TV that I didn't like was Wandavision because I wanted House of M instead
I did not like the second Black Panther move at all though
I'm surprised they went as meta as the comics did
I didn't need to spend half a movie mourning a character after spending time mourning the actor
I always worry if you spend too much time beyond the vail you will meet the Black Pharoah
They didn't need to have Riri Williams in there either
She should've had her own film
She's such a great character and putting her in as a side note makes her feel less important
Unfortunately, Shuri did have a tenure as the Black Panther in the comics
and somehow Evangeline Lily was worse? she was also Trucker caravan supporter as well as anti vaxx
Yeah that's what I'm saying
They remix the comics all the time. No reason they couldn't change that
It was inevitable considering the circumstances
yeah? IIRC she appeared at a rally or two
Wouldn't shock me
Oh yeah Lily suuuuuuuuuuhxks
That island she was Lost on really did a number on her
I don't trust this guy ...
harry potter reject
all it takes is a podcast. it’s easier then you think to become anti vax or thinking whatever thing.
Reminds me of the guy from The Magicians
The villain from season 1
[shudder]
@0ne2wo The Monster or the Pedo stand in for CS Lewis?
CS Lewisalike
yeah he does
..who was also the monster wasn't he?
I wonder if The Magicians would have got the BG3 audience if it was out now.  Elliot is basically Astarion
Probably
or if they already share the same fans. which is probably true knowing my astarion loving fem friends
The Sara H Maas audience would devour it too
*Sara J Maas
Too spicy, unless those fans got to Acotar book 5
Think Crescent City
wait do we get a NES advantage and pilot the statue of liberty?
le'ts go evil pink ooze
@0ne2wo yeah.. that crowd for sure.
@sinarisx I'm half way through book three 😂
There are several conversations that lock you into your first set of choices
@0ne2wo I am on book 2. I got distracted by my friend's constant spicy booktok recos (for my pain) and was reading Jennifer Armentrout
mood slime
Thanks for the stream
@sinarisx I haven't read any of hers but theyve been recommended
night!
Humpday
Yup
Have a great night everyone!
Aegies is now live! Streaming Banishers: Ghosts of New Eden: just banishing, like you do. (and trying to figure out what i'm streaming next) !banishers
Evening Arthur thanksHi
ended up using steam refund b/c aspyr somehow messed up their port of the battlefront games, including some how having their backend mp servers be overwheled with just 10k ccus lol.
Warm weather = plants exploding with pollen ddashCOPIUM
hello
I was not surprised that it turned out kinda bad. Those games need a lot of work
Aegies is now live! Streaming Banishers: Ghosts of New Eden: just banishing, like you do. (and trying to figure out what i'm streaming next) !banishers
the games are good, their handling of it wasnyt.
you’ve been playing really long games on stream. I wouldn’t mind watching you play 2 hours of “Return to Grace “
after 70 hours I am in the last chapter of FF7 rebirth and become a human again
wont you be away next week anyways?
I still think it's amazing, with a handful of annoying minigames and some weird lighting in places haha
There’s an indie game called Metal Gear Solid 3. I think you could check that out on stream
there are some cutscenes where it looks like lighting is broken on some faces
FF7 remake and some PS2 looking people haha
Just wait for Delta Kappa
nvidia added dlss 3.5 (ray reconstruction) to portal rtx
I may have to sell my bone marrow for dragons dogma 2. 100$ is steep
yeah playing the OG is still super worth it
it's the best one of all of them
im very mappy ms is doing direct sr, only downside is devs well be less likely to use ray reconstruction.
I though you were going to say “suffer” instead of “play” thanksLUL
going to see Love Lies Bleeding tomorrow with my spouse and I’m so excited to see a film without kids I don’t know what to do with myself
What did Kojima retweet? I’ve deleted Twitter so you’re my Discourse Oracle
is Aliens is your fav in the series?
both Alien and Aliens were formative for me. Watched them back to back for the first time on a sunday while my mom spring cleaned
I saw Aliens before Alien
you, it's been a minute. felt like you didn't' stream for a minute
at this point just waiting for gozila minus one to hit digital
HBO use to get all the sequels before the original
AvP was very popular when I was a kid
I know
hey at least im still a mellenial
dumb liscancing
with the kids my age at the time it was
until LoTR came out
my school was obessed with the lotr card game
Arthur should I take a day off work for rise of the ronin?
HBO had Beverly Hills Cop 2, FX2, Blind Fury, Ghostbusters 2. I saw most of the sequels before the originals
what do you think is going on w/ xdefiant? the alpha or beta they released felt so good and could have been a full albeit bare bones release. it's just been MIA since.
I didn't like AvP, but what do we think of Event Horizon?
@kgvstheworld its been weird, they were supposed to have a beta last summer
haha my heart wants too
like an open beta
they have only had closed I think
Black Mirror returns next year and I hyped for it.
I am not convinced by rise of the ronin
Just become a professional streamer Kappa
I’m European so it’s less of a hit lol
I know this is a hot take in the modern games indastry, but a large part of the reasson palworld and helldivers 2 blowup was b/c they were $40
GTA VI will probably lower the Productivity of most countries when it comes out. I’ll take a couple for that one.
i feel like the halo tv showrunners just didn't want to make a halo tv show. master chief refuses to wear armor
@eathdemon is that a hot take? feels pretty self evident to me
@kgvstheworld god that show is so bad, Season 2 just not cutting it
not to publishers
Evening, Arthur and chat. Did anyone here get a chance to snag the Stellar Blade demo before it was taken down again?
I probably will because I haven’t done it in years. you’re right work is always worst than a video game
I dont think palwporld sells 15m on pc alone at 60 or 70
@jinpei05 no ill wait until they have a demo out they want out haha
or anywhere near it
I feel Jan/Feb are underrated months to release games
January was great for Tekken 8
you dont want to release next to elden ring that one feb
Dead Space season ddashEZ
yakuza 8
Possibly. It was highly anticipated
oh STREAM FATHER, did you see that a team is releasing a mod for dark souls 3 that adds new bosses, npc and everything. called dark souls archthrones
I think Tekken 8 would have done good anytime but it was helped
are you watching shogun?
total convergence mods have been around for a long time for all the fromsoft games haha
watch Mr and Mrs smith please everyone or I WILL CRY
haven’t started shogun yet.
i went to play battlefront classic today and it didn't go well. audio was bugging and there was issues w/ matchmaking
but man do i miss those games.
aspyr doesn't seem to do a great job.
they borked a few of these, including kotor on switch and whatnot
playing BF2 campaign with friends would be so fun
well they are kinda bad at it
either that or they aren't given the right funds/time to do justice to these games
Hello, sorry for bothering you. I want to offer promotion of your channel, viewers, followers, views, chat bots, etc...The price is lower than any competitor, the quality is guaranteed to be the best.   Flexible and convenient order management panel, chat panel, everything is in your hands, a huge number of custom settings. Go to streamrise
Black Mirror is going to have its first sequel episode. a sequel to USS Callisster
BOP
did you see reviews for outcast? it looks good in a mid tier way
okay I am gonna go finish FF7 rebirth finally and ugly cry in a 7 11
if you like the podcast or the stream, you can always tip over at ko-fi.com/aegies
have you ever watched anime Arthur?
Hey chat
I still gotta read Crying In H Mart
the reasson the mp doesnt work in the old pc versions was becouse it was gamespy, kinda suprised they went with their own propity back end, instead of steamworks though.
blink if you are playing dragon's dogma already
oop he blinked!
@graysonevans you could wait for the movie
he cant say, but others have sliped by the way they try to talk around dd2 news
your eyes betrayed you
@aegies I've been really impressed with immortals of avium and didn't understand all the hate it got. Reminds me of the single player games I used to play twenty years ago.
10 hours
Trying to not blink tkktShook
thats a game I doubt the audancew your writing for (wirecuter) likely doesnt have much intreast
dd2
are you going to gdc and when is it?
It's definitely too long.
But I say that as a family man with limited time to play nowadays
currently playing lost judgement and absolutely loving it
@ecsson what's that?
Happy Pi Day and White Day to all who observe today
Also Ramadan
Evening, folks
Not in a negative way but I can't believe how long this game seems. I thought you'd be done with this a week ago
strange thing last night. playing OW2. 1st round we got smoked on a payload on defense. Person turns on mic, “ My teammates suck” I go our tank wasn’t playing” They say “no excuses you have low heals.” We won the game. He says “ I’m sorry I was wrong”
I forgot what white day is even though I’m Japanese NotLikeThis
It's mostly a Japan and Korea thing
@kurodas116 あ！
It's got a Wikipedia entry if you're really curious
Reverse Valentine’s Day in Japan, where men give gifts back to the women who gave them stuff a month prior
Real shame how broken battlefront launched. I was really looking forward to it. Got a refund
@jinpei05 や
yep. I felt like the team was fueled by “ We’ll show them”
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
And then Black Day in a month
I’d never heard of Black Day, but I guess that actually is basically a Korean thing ddashNOTE
Have you thought about which game you are playing after this?
Fake holidays, Valentine’s Day included thanksLUL
are you allowed to predict where you think DD2 will land?
I hope it's ronin. Looks sick
lost judgement Arthur the second one. a lot of quality of life Improvements from the first!
Regarding review score
I dont even know if you are reviewing it
il be in dd2 land, but I assume rise is more your cup of tea being more like assins cread
I don’t know if I just fell asleep it. didn’t you play this part already?
On a scale of 0 to 10, somewhere between a 0 and 10 ddashEZ
Was starfield a financial success
@emitcowboys sort of
did not meet expectations but didnt flop
lol
Gerstmann said it!
How does it compare to spider Man
That co-op trailer looked so cool
Gp subs alone for customer retention has to go to starfield
I guess the question is, do you think Microsoft is satisfied with Starfield?
You think that was tied to bonuses. Meaning Bethesda people were angry they didn't get bonuses because they weren't on ps
Was this something on Gertsman show?
5 Million for a new IP is not bad.
@GT_JamesATL not recently, in past shows he has brought up starfield a bit.  He was luke warm on it
Didnt Anthony and Matt also kinda fall off it quick
Totally non sequitur but I got to try Taco Bell's Cantina hard shell chicken taco and it's pretty good.  If you're not a Live Mas member, look forward to it on the 19th
people fall of games for various reasons all the time.
I got my 40 hours and I was satisfied.
@jinpei05 that sounds good as hell
@psford it was. A little pricey, but that's everywhere
I played 100 hours of Starfield. Am I playing it today? No. But I got my value out of it.
TIL Live Mas membership is a thing thanksLUL
I think people are comparing it to Fallout and Skyrim. Both of which has massive long legs.
@loopboop historically long legs
Spiderman wasnt Skyrim
or fallout
5,647 are playing starfield
on steam
new DLC comes out for Starfield it will jump right back up.
Is it not fair to compare Starfield to Skyrim or Fallout?
my little cousin play Skyrim for 10 years.
I think what hurt Starfield was the hype from select industry talking heads. I think I remember someone saying “game of a decade” , “genre defining” …mind you I loved Starfield and finished it
Do you think one metric of success is how fast a game is discounted. Immortals is dirty cheap since it didn't sell at all.
yes. with all the delays in games that MS Studios had over the past few years, the weight on Starfield became pretty crushing
I was disappointment in Spiderman 2
On a positive note, 2024 had been the best year of gp so far. It's been outstanding.
I found myself saying "Stafield MUST be a 10/10 generational game" mostly because I'd felt burned by Game Pass
which in hindsight was dumb
Are you going to pick up Outlast tomorrow?
*Outcast
@kurodas116 lol it's free if you eat a lot of Taco Bell LUL
Didn’t Xbox put that pressure on themselves?
Arthur are you excited at the announcement of Mnuchin potentially buying Tiktok?
LUL
Mnuchin?
Genuine question, has any game nailed procedurally generated words @aegies
oh, the trump guy
@GT_JamesATL arthur knows who it is
These enemies have Gulp Shitto level names
former Treasury Secretary
I thought Kotick was bad
world
They not selling TikTok and it won't be banned.
I would agree with that
Didn't Mnuchin produce some movies?
underrated movie
That's getting a sequel
Hasn't he been in the business of buying banks lately?
lego batman banger
Mnuchin would sell his soul if it was going to make him money
wow, I had no idea there were so many
FURY ROAD wtf
BLACK MASK??? The Jet Li movie?
Ah ok
I was gonna say
But his thing is he has no soul as well
No, but why go from garbage to garbage
yeah
Cena phobic?
I would prefer tik tok be night by a big company like ms
Sinophobic
sino
Bought
oh sorry, I thought John Cena
Not fear of John Cena thanksLUL
Isn't that what we are?
Effectively?
I’m stealing Cena-phobic, haha
I was Cenaphobic when he was crossing that stage holding a card over his privates
ohh "Sign-O" is how I always heard that pronounced
Why did you assume we were PRO CCP though
as related to TikTok
hey everyone
My feeling is it's bad that the CCP effectively has control over TikTok, but banning it also has 1st Amendment issues, even if it is foreign-controlled
Truly a modern approach to building a dystopian society. Look at the social credit system, and huge surveillance state (both online and IRL).
She brings home the bacon ddashDONO
@psford but they can ban all our social media?  Its more a matter of the ability to form a narrative and push agendas
how many people will vote Aaron Rogers
Just to be clear what is your stance on this Arthur.  No changes?
We do block companies from doing business in the US.
we wouldn’t let China own/buy CNN for example
@jushin15  screw Rodgers.
Secret police that go out abroad to arrest Chinese Citizens and Family members
Every smart 1st Amendment lawyer/reporter I read believes banning TikTok runs afoul of it
@emitcowboys Agreed he's an ass
Not saying the US is a bastion of freedom, but not as outright autocratic/authoritarian state
@jushin15 most narcissistic athlete of my life
Uber did it first, tbh
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
yes, they used in-app notifications to get people contact politicians
It's more of a co-dependent business relationship.
uber stock been going up a ton the past year
yes, I think they suck, too, and I don't like TikTok, for the record
It was when you opened, the app, I though? If it was a push notification that's a bit creepier, but not that different
fuck, rogue comma there
The interesting thing is, if they were forced to sell tiktok the algo and source code does not come with it.
I'm shocked that China tells anyone how many people they have in prison. Do they count those creepy as fuck internment camps for religious group I wonder?
Sell to American company
Also, what I would say is I ~personally~ think banning TikTok is probably a good idea for all the reasons you've stated. I'm just not sure it aligns with 1A jurisprudence
Didn't US Steel sell to Japan?
LOL
And X lol
burn it all
Get rid of Twitter and Facebook
Just EMAIL I am with you Arthur
You're not wrong tho. However, people see the disconnect between the gov't and its people. People will hem and haw and say the gov't is irresponsible and inefficient, yet will also be the first to not vote to strengthen and support the systems that would and could support the gen-pop and further protect our interests and freedoms.
I'm old enough that I grew up for the most part without social media. I had AIM in HS but that's about it. Can't imagine what it's like for young people today
@psford its porn all day and bullying other kids
it's up to everyone individually
It's the number contributor to rising teenage depression
One
As a teacher of teenagers, I can attest that they're lives are enslaved to social capital and are more miserable for it
if you like the podcast or the stream, you can always tip over at ko-fi.com/aegies
It really is all up to the parents and the boundaries they make and the lessons they teach
Kids phones should only be able to access Professor Layton games. Government mandated
I'm all for giving them an old gameboy color
In Plain English has a great episode recently about the effects of social media in teenagers. Very informative
Teenagers are also not hanging out nearly as much as prior generations
Itd be funnier if it was 2
Wait a sec...are Ghostbusters and Godzilla x Kong going head to head next week?
Is there a Statler and Waldorf blood puppet in the top corner?
Nope
Godzilla is a week after
Did you ever play Vampyr? For some reason, this fight is giving me Vampyr vibes
Ahhh shit that would makes sense
If any of you played the new Battlefront collection, if I don't care about multiplayer should I just buy 1 and 2 on Steam for 5 bucks each instead?
there's also a Squadrons/Fallen Order/BF 2 bundle for $8 that seems pretty worth it, lol
hey hi
building (had a Nextlander raid)
lego
gundam too
o/ hi hello
the Penguin Slushy Van. Its cute
Is the goo supposed to be banished?
This is world of goo 2 Kappa
Oh no, the most powerful foe: having emotions
Oh no kidding?
ok, all you need to do is find a Statue of Liberty to walk around in
I was wholly unprepared for where Life is Strange went, what a ride
have you been watching the show Invincible?
its good
Yes
Shogun is my next show to watch
the amount of shows only ever goes up
how much do they cost each?
Have you watched Shogun yet? Pretty good
That's what happened to me and now I've seen all of Columbo and the first few Gundams
I just watched Dune (1) after reading the book 2 weeks ago and that was a really skillful adaptation
Yeah, there is an end to Columbo. It's not a shonen
Currently binging Miami Vice
yea
did Michael Mann do that one
Lol
Shit now I have to see it
It was a remake of an 80s property
That's why it got shit on
Love the future
There was no room for subtlety or nuance
Columbo reboot by 2030
There was
It got canned
Female lead
I would take a Benoit Blanc 45 minute episode serial
Oscar Issac as Columbo?
Columbo feels like an impossible show to reboot.
wasn't it supposed to be Mark Ruffalo?
Speaking of remakes, the Crow trailer dropped today
The closest is poker face
100%
That was a good spinoff
I felt Poker Face was a bit too silly
Vincent Donofrio
It got werid
Especially when Jeff Goldblum added in
Yeah that was the good shit
isn’t there two different sets of cops in criminal intent?
@jinpei05 I guess I should watch that. My sad, teenage ass _really_ liked the OG Crow, so I've been hesitant
There were a bunch of different cops
Governor, I see your torch is a glowing point of interest. Why is that?
I also really loved the soundtrack from The Crow
yes - I'm not a "you ruined my childhood" kind of asshole
They should make it like Scanners and in this one the crow flies
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
er not scanners, tremors
I've only seen the trailers for this game what is the gameplay like? narrative or more action?
I just have a lot of feelings for that first movie and haven't loved the stuff since
oh I think I see where this is going
to all the people precious over the original, I wonder when was the last time that you sat and watched it
it brought us the coolest sting.
They're always just sitting down
Honey we have The Witcher at home, opens pantry and sees Banishers
Maybe that's the point lol
Oh
now it's time to RU MI NAAAAATE
You mean biggest letdown?
Plague Tale is SUCH a fucking downer
It seems to me as someone just seeing this for the first time that the good end is that Red also dies to be w/his partner
also Signalis if you want another downer
Is there any replay value to this game?
This doesn’t seem like the kinda game you replay. Like, I can’t see someone speed running this game, haha
Or wanting to
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
@psford But sooooooo good
Id just assume dragons dogma 2 is next
I vote for Rise of the Ronin
was listening to whatcultures podcast and they really liked what they played
*after not being impressed by initial gameplay
(of rise of ronin i mean)
they said rise could be the best game yet from that team
Or rizz as the kids like to say
Interesting. Personally, my next game is DD2
seems avrage, which is fine
Wow
yup my next game is dd2
Speaking of games with rizz, apparently Unicorn Overlord is the hotness is Japan
Oh thoughts on saber buying themselves out from embracer?
They can't keep physical copies in stock to meet demand
Hopefully it doesnt impact space marine 2
sabor ois also working on the kotor remake
oh. cool.
Ill never believe kotor is coming out
ouch
yeah i have mixed feelings on their connections, but i do really like the games they make
snowrunner, etc
I was disappointed to hear Ronin’s combat is mainly 1 button to do a full combo
if they are rusian, kinda suprised they havent pulled out/lost conections b/c of the ukrraine war
dont ruin my dreams. Bloodlines 2 better not crush all my aspirations for it
I have no confidence in that game. my biggest dissapointment is  aspyr misshandling battlefront colection
oh bloodlines 1 was deus ex in los angeles. Love that game
they have just made amnesia and.......something else
not that i didnt like amnesia, but its a different kind of game
yeah
they did machine for pigs
any interest in the dark forces remake? Im really hoping it means we might get dark forces 3. Im sick of star wars games with light sabers
it did
i liked DF because it focused on someone who didnt use light sabers
which imo made it more interesting
plus it had way more story than any fps game for the time
speaking of which , there is evidence doom eternal mod support might come next week
Holy moly she just watches you all night? That's rough
Yeah, I mean it's rough for her, like...damn :(
That's what happens when you consort w/ghosts
You get Heihachi hair
Thanks for the stream
this game  seems so odd. I remember Patrick klepek talking about it on a podcast  a month or so ago
night
gg
Happy st Patrick's weekend
Night dude, have a good day tmr
good night man
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
Aegies is now live! Streaming Dragon's Dogma II: no, not the kevin smith thing. (dragon's dogma 2)
Yurp
Evening Arthur.
that too
I started playing Dark Arisen but it feels like I should just wait until the second game is affordable
That looks just like MK1 Reptile. How neat
Who is also a Saurian
The Brine.
It’ll make for a fine roast
Is Jesse Plemons Phillip Seymour Hoffman reincarnated?
@booopboopp I don't think that is how that works
wattsHM
I think Jessie would have had to been born after PSH died
a little shmeat
Jesse Plemons is perfect at all forms of Awkward
Monster hunter world has the best cooking animation by far
I feel like he embodies Philip Seymour Hoffman who was my favorite actor
Just watched a few of his movies
you know how hard it is to act Awkward funny, weird, sexy, and serial killer in different films
I watched Cold Mountain last night and he was great in that
PSH is the reason why Mission Impossible 3 is so good and why that franchise survived to this day
Hoffman could never have pulled off landry from Friday night lights
Speaking of acting I think Kristen Stewart and Katy OBrien should be at least nominated for Love Lies Bleeding both were so good.
O’Brian
has anyone else finished The Three Body Problem?
@graysonevans yes
@Braynbasher did you like it? I loved it
I liked it. I also enjoyed reading Physicist go crazy over the math in the show.  They didn’t love it. 😂
Holy Shit Love Lies Bleeding is bonkers
Katy O'Brien got drafted into the latest Mission Impossible movie
@Braynbasher haha welll thats to be expected
those arrows do almost no damage
@jinpei05 I didn’t watch any trailers but knew my wife would love the queerness of the film Kristen talked about in a interview…. WE WERE SURPRISED
That ending was fucking wild
Yeah I hope Arthur sees it.
Arthur’s character looks like a solider who traveled to far into the past.
I pictured you being taller irl than your create-a-character
Ouch
5’10” is above average height.
I really don't know why I thought that because I don't think I've ever seen a full body picture of you.
but I pictured you being tall and Anthony being like 5'6"
Lol. Anthony is a Hobbit
I noticed at 6’1” when I lose weight people instantly think I’m 6’3” or taller. Voice doesn’t help either it makes me sound at least 6’6”
@Braynbasher Maybe you are 6'3 but slouch when you gain weight?
Those stupid birds are annoying.
griffon, rather
@gt_jamesatl Maybe
If you keep hitting the down arrow and run, they will eventually follow you.
I want to play this but something about watching you play makes me want to play Witcher :
Witcher 3
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
I think people were higher level by the time they got to where you are?
Arthur did you catch the teaser trailer for Alien: Romulus?
Arthur thank you for talking me out of getting a new Elite because Microsoft sells parts now on the Microsoft Store no back plates yet though.  getting one from Amazon dealer
Could Alien work as a TV show?
I liked Legion. The first season.  Didn't see the following seasons
Still torturing myself with Tekken 8
feels like they had a bad release date
I have not been.  It's something I might pick up on a deep discount.
my kid likes princess peach
I’m still working through persona 3 and octopath. then it’s ffvii remake part two over 3.
Spring break for schools were in March this year in the US so I think that is factoring in a bit. people are on vacation with there families and are probably playing less currently
in Oregon it’s always the last full week of march.
spring break varies by school
what just happened
heh, thsoe death physics
welp I just hit redacted lol.
Camp?
you can camp
thoughts on Marvel Overwatch game?
if you find a campfire
I’m surprised it didn’t happen sooner to be honest
I thought it looked alright, given that its going to run on nearly any hardware
I have this sneaking suspicion that the servers are going to suck though.
If I was WB I would just do a team up with overwatch for an event tie in.
I agree with your tweet regarding the price.
you mean the xbox prices?
I also wanted a hero game PuBG style where you don’t make your character. you randomly given one with different superpowers
could they be clearing out for the pro?
Hey chat
I still don’t know why they would release a pro with no big releases
im crealy not the marke, b/c I have a high end pc, but outside hardware upscaling, dont see a reasson to the the pro.
I've been playing Cult of Lamb. Such a crazy fantastic game.
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
I know phil was only musing in that polygon intervew, but I would take a serous look at xbox hardware if it had steam on it lol.
hey, if the switch 2 delay is legit, then won't that put the console behind even further in tech specs
all the news of these half step console upgrades has landed like a wet fart to me.  this gen hasn't really justified the base console, let alone make me excited for an upgrade.
do you think Apple actually opens their store front up?
would if xbox could dual boot to the xbox os and then window os for a low powered pc
maybe actually get a native cloud app
it’s about a stones throw from here
so you could use it as a pc and run steam on their to do things like rts, 4x games. things that are usually better on pc.
they have no choice in the eu, as far as the us goes, the doj has been prity bad on its trackrecord on anti trust cases]'
I'm very interested to see what price point the next consoles come out at.
turn your $500 console into both a console and small form factor weaker pc.
@aegies how are you liking/disliking DD2?
by the way im not being padantic if steam did come to xbox, I would give a real look at xbox hardware
i wonder what IGN's First game is that they are teasing from Yellow Brick Studios
man dogma 2 would be lit
what what is being teased?
what fallout games have you played? did you play 1 and 2 and did you play tactics?
so no interplay
honestly anytime hear about veteran developers leaving an established studio to start their own studio I rarely have optimism for their games
like exodus idk about that one
I got a quest 2 and have been messing around with it, its pretty neat
although a lot of mass effect trilogy veterans have come back to work on 5 which is nice
all I have really played is mini golf, which is kind of amazing
I’m betting 2026 and dragon age will say this fall but actually come out next spring
I'm waiting to play this game until it's patched
I've been running through Evil West since it hit gamepass, solid B tier game
@wallace6969 that's next in the list after cult of lamb
it’s the gone in 60 second of games
@wallace6969
its fun but some of the difficulty spikes are super annoying
I like focus home games I really dug vampyr
@wallace6969 dead Island 2  had the same thing
I think I like shadow warrior better
also I think its 60 lol
i'm kinda looking forward to the game from the ori devs this month which bums me out because i'm not pumped about their issues in the past and if anything was really done about that
open roads is on game pass tomorrow which I am gonna try, narrative kind of deal
yeah my thing is that if the developer heads are awful then I skip
I just googled the game, never even heard of it
is rebel fm gonna have any guests in the future? like McCaffrey, Sessler or Greg Miller?
despite all this game/console talk the real question remains....WHERE THE FUCK IS SILKSONG
it sucks that mitch can't come on anymore
I miss Mitch
arthur you still didn't tell me where silkson is
blink if you know when it releases
he knows!
snowbike mikes incestuous positivity would be really something on rebel
why did microsoft and sony for that matter move away from doing special edition consoles for people to buy
xbox really only does those sweepstakes
Sony just did a spider man ps5
Is it the steam or is texture quality on this game"bad"
i thought for sure xbox would do more because they have these big blank canvases.
Xbox wraps are actually quite good, though I think the last one the did was halo infinity
infinite *
I can't wait to see MONKEY MAN!!!
@aegies respectful recommendation for rebel FM. Listing all the games discussed in the show notes would be great.
I just hope alien romulus is good, evil dead 2019 was okay but don’t breathe was good
* the director
hggOkay
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
did you end up getting a new monitor? I’m looking at the asus rog swift pled 27inches
oled*
they msi ones?
is that the Msi one? I hear it’s pretty nifty
yeah I was looking at the Msi oled cuz it’s actually has hdr but you can not get them right now
it’s also cheaper than the Alienware one I hear.
and has lightening port.
I honest to god don’t even understand what a lightning port is
sorry.
the beefed up usb c looking port.
yeah I’m finally getting a pc next month from nzxt “player two prime” it’s like $2400
I broke and got a Lenovo legion pro.
the laptop
it was on sale and I needed a laptop.
not a handheld.
I keep looking at the ally extreme but I’m afraid they’re gonna do a new one this year
I used it at Best Buy it’s pretty good
@pvtpao when is the player two prime coming in?
@heroinahalfshell it’s available now, top of the line amd cpu but the case can only hold a 4070 ti
I think it should be good for 1440p
@pvtpao it sure looks sleek.
what I’m looking at.
Has anyone seen the Good Times trailer for the new Netflix show?  Its very offensive.  I'm not sure how that show got made.
is fsr 3 compatible with these consoles?
oh I thought it was for only Rdna 3
Aegies is now live! Streaming Dragon's Dogma II: no, not the kevin smith thing. (dragon's dogma 2)
Notice any major changes in performance since the patch?
Bummer
Evening Arthur, chat thanksHi
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
Your bow sounds like the steam screenshot sound tkktThonkang
i come for the dragon's but stay for the bald head
a slow april/may for a busy june.
if anyone in the games press has vecation time, they should probly use it now lol since nothing is going on
also, maybe it's the hdr but for some reason it seams washed out today
maybe it's just the in game time frame
The food cooking cut scenes look live action.
it might just be because it's dusk in game time
i think it looks good now
hello
twitch is back to notifying me correctly when you stream. it didn’t for the past year.
for the past year it would say your streaming and you definitely weren’t.
“might” Kappa
you had an unban request that I denied. from a year ago, guy said he was drunk but was saying some shite things
yeah they patch the mobile app on Apple every week. there tech debt is large.
could it have been telling you there was a vod to watch? that’s happened to me.
also how don’t we have a tech writing site called “tech.debt” yet?
what are you looking forward to next stream father
Someday animated emotes will work on the LG tv app, maybe tkktIdk
hellblade?
again silksong is vaperware until its released
oh yeah, so the hellblade 2 stuff looked framey in spots on the ign video
@eathdemon why do you say mean things like that lol
you know your child is tired if they don’t even make it to you putting the covers on them.
i will say the combat looks way more engaging.
the best kind of sleep is the accidental sleep
i feel like hellblade 2 will only be about 10hrs long though
Was saying heavenly sword a misspeak, or did you figure out how to capture on ps3 HypeHuh
well hellblade is next month, if it gets good revews il sign up for a month of gamepass to play it.
8 hours feel right.
I would argue 30 to 40
so anthony is the reason hellblade 2 is $50
do you still consult?
for a 8 hour game with no replay valur, 30 to 40 would be the right price.
I wonder if the Ninja Theory mo cap tech will be used at any other Xbox Studios. like for Blade, or Fable
it depends on the person and how good they are at separating out the critical part, is this game good v "knowing the process im more willing to give the game slack"
it made me think the same as well Arthur but I did see a former coworker today who had a chance not to work for a while. perhaps he thought to himself this is a good time to left the studio with a game near completion. starting up another project can be daunting
Aegies is now live! Streaming Dragon's Dogma II: what is dogma to a dragon really
So is Arthur prepared to buy a Classic Xbox ornament?
not till july 24th? I think
No Iguana on a stick venders here
yeah I am waiting for the Too Much Future guys watch podcast
oh yeah there was some incredibly stupid Fallout news this week.
Male Fallout 4 Protag is the complicit Guy in the execution in the Fallout 1 intro
The lead Writer
Fallout 4. https://twitter.com/Dezinuh/status/1779178683841790068
Its in the news reel footage part of the Fallout 1 intro. but sure its his head canon
Interesting fact. Shady sands is in a different location from F1 to F2
hello
I think there is more than 1 Sandy Sands
I have been playing marvels GoTG and that game rules. Its super buggy but it's so good
It looks amazing in some places and really weird and fucked up in others lol
some of the animation looks super stiff as well
It has bootleg vibes for sure. but the game isn't bad, even if entire chapters seem to happen without combat
but the story is so worth it
I much prefer the game version of these characters then the movie ones
except rocket is even
marvels dead to me.
the trailers really fucked the game over
The game handles Mantis better for sure
I think its worth trying its on PS+ and gameapass im pretty sure
they fucked dead space 2 over.
no they did a terrible job of showing off the great parts of that game
Trailers didn't help. but There are constant walk and talks and puzzles in Guardians. so maybe it being not 100% combat focused and a slow opening 3-4 hours would have angered players
@Sinarisx its really not a slow opening
the game isn't perfect but it's really well written and there is a lot of love put into it. I enjoy the combat enough
There is a lot of care in the dialog. A bunch of stuff on the Cop ship is cute
@Sinarisx there is a lot of small stuff they do that's great
also the choice system feels really well flushed out
they went harder than they needed on some environmental design. others its like oh.., orange things to shoot. because
they aren't super complicated but they blend in very well
It just didn't help it looked off model and Avengers was bad. it poisoned the well
the pawn AI in this game makes you seem like you are in Idiocracy
I mean none of the characters are trying to look like the movie versions
except rocket and groot but you know
it does feel like the antithesis of what you like
even I am not really interested
also GoTG sold 8 million copies
I thought it did way worse
it sold 8 million copies after they dropped retail prince to $25 within the first month of release
that doesn't account for all of them though
alright well I thought it was good \
It isn't bad. the lead writer moved on to Mass Effect 4
I just at this point don't understand what is considered good
like thats more then RE4 remake
But it isn't just big number. its number @ price over what amount of time. Which is what Square is finding out with FF7 Remake part 2
in salls
@Sinarisx FF7 rebirth is only on PS5 so
@GraysonEvans but Square is comparing it to FF7R sales across 3 systems. (and the sales pace did slow down)
but maybe people dont want to buy part 2 of a trilogy
right so all this to say, none of those agreements change how I feel when I playing the game
I wish twitch chat had tone indicators
think ff16 will come to Xbox, or at least pc, early next year? I really enjoyed that game
sucks it released only on Ps5
I do think it does feel bad to share something you enjoy and be told well it didn't sell well so it's not as good you think you know? I just wanted to share how much I was enjoying it
Arthur any credibility to the rumors that next xbox will utilize DLSS 5 and with real world performance perceptually better than a 4090?   Even Shoemaker commented on it.  Its why Sarah Bond has been so cocky
@SilkBrahJJ they already announced the PC version
@graysonevans oh cool. did they mention a time frame?
@SilkBrahJJ no it was just "pc in developement" during a press conference I think
it was a weird announcement
I can try and find it.  Brad referenced it during one of his nextlander streams.
Next Xbox is 2026?
does this game let you leave a fight like this?
this is the worst place for this dude to have shown up for sure
@graysonevans yeah i must have missed that announcement. ff16 was one of those games i wish more people were able to play. performance issues aside
@SilkBrahJJ yeah I really loved it
is this a scripted encounter or did this dude run up on you?
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
This is the time in a generation where exclusivity deals feel mor epointless
Does Sony even get that much out of exlusivity deals? Or is it kinda a money pit?
I guess they keep the image of the PS5 being the coolest place to be (tm)
I would love if more people could play these new FF games, they are doing some interesting stuff with their stories and not enough people get to see it
but like people are bought in, for this generation at least so
but Xbox is so clearly in 3rd place, there needs to be a mercy rule
so does xbox though
some would say billions of dollars
thats what I mean
but Xbox needs Call of Duty to be sold Multiplatform. its dev cost structure is built around multiplat
they aren't buying studios for no reason?
I also played through the Last of us part 2 and that is a tremendous experience
But TLoU  2 could have been 2 games instead.
cried like a baby
Microsoft buying zenimax came largely out of sony trying to force them out of all those games too
@Sinarisx what do you mean why would it need to be another game
to play devil’s advocate would we feel this way is Microsoft cut the check for FF16 or Steelblade(that’s what it’s called right)
I think Xbox has shot itself in the foot too many times over the past few years overhyping stuff and it being disappointing
if*
@Deck__ ff16 is only on PS5
@GraysonEvans I just meant it was soo long, they could have recouped costs better if it was split
@Sinarisx I don't think the story works as two games but they for sure could have cut more out
Zenimax was a mostly falling apart business that hadn't had profitable enough game since Skyrim
as we see with Redfall & Ghost wire
hello @psford
@graysonevans thats my point, I think a lot of people get mad at Sony for buying those 3rd party games but would people feel the same is Xbox cut the check for ff16 and kept it from Sony
if*
We go the "improved" version of starfield
damn spellcheck
i tell my friend this and he still doesn't believe me. he says "that's all exclusive deals"
I am not surprised giant company would want to crush its only competition
Sony saw that some parts of MS were weak on keeping Xbox as a thing. and that if they pushed shit right MS would walk away from games, like they have before (with studios)
none of these company have moral highgrounds
Final Fantasy feels like a Playstation first party title. its so engrained since FF7. Remember how Sony fan boys lost their Shit over FF13 going to xbox
was ff13 a timed Xbox exclusive? or was it just an Xbox marketing deal. I remember that game doing well
if you like the podcast or the stream, you can always tip over at ko-fi.com/aegies
they even said they have to "protect" their players
Eventually this shit clock will run out for Sony imo,
It had an E3 announce that it was multiplatform and PS3 fans got sad angry
I already can only afford one game a year at this point so I have no sympathy for either company.
then I just remember it being heavily marketed for Xbox I think
Maybe they think that a PC delay would result in double dipping
@sinarisx that’s what it must have been. an e3 announcement
@SilkBrahJJ i feel like it was heavily marketed because at the time it was a big deal to have a mainline FF game on an xbox at all
Imagine if they had invested in studios/internal investments instead of all the money they spent on third party exlusivity to try and kill Xbox
Like the way  that GTA6 got bought multiple times. but thats GTA its its own entity
@okigator yeah that’s definitely what it was then
hate-murder that dragon
Not sure it was talked about yet, but speaking of GTA, the Take Two layoffs are some bullshit
Larry David had a spite store in his show.
i feel like the only interesting thing i've watched of this game is the sphinx stuff
@Braynbasher mocca joe *shakes fist*
100%
you cant just fire 600 folks out of the blue.. you have to file with the state
yeah layoffs or Riffs as they are called in HR can’t be done overnight. They knew this was coming
but also I wonder if any of the 5% could stay on to work on GTA VI to get it done. There is not extra work that is needed?
@Sinarisx I think that depends on where you are. I know California has laws about that as well as the UK, but does NY?
you are kitted out compared to the last time I watched you play this.
Wikipedia and LinkedIn say NYC
dd2 is my current goty, things may change, but for now its dd2
They have Offices in Novato
what do you think of the roumers that the ps5 pro having hardware upscalin like dlss?
what’s your take on if we get a mid gen Xbox?
thats guna give ps5pro a major edge lol
it’s called pssr or something like that.
I wounder how off gaurd, if at all, ms was cought by pssr
Everybody is making their own upscaler. Intel has one. AMD has FSR, nvidia has DLSS. so it makes sense sony would make their own
I bet very little. It's not like DLSS/FSR is a secret at this point
ms next hardware with have some sort of ai upscaling as well
do you think not getting one is a good or bad choice?
digitail foundry released a update video on dlss v xess v fsr
@SilkBrahJJ And so will the next Switch. I think it's probably table stakes from now on
kinda suprised you dont have recover arrow, it acts as a long range rez
@psford switch will most likely have dlss since it will be nvidia bases
the next switch I mean
switch 2 will be dlss, ps5pro will be pssr, the onlyone without a hardware upscaler will be ms
MS uses FSR
atleast til nextgen
I said hardware, not software
this fight seems a pain not being a melee vocation
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
but the developers aren’t utilizing it which means it might as well not…aren’t there several features the X has over it
I mean even ms doesnt take advantage of their own hardware, which honestly is kinda embarassing
I didn’t even realize tflops still mattered. kinda like how many cuda cores your gpu had use to matter.
back in the good old days
and now its Tensor Cores. or w/e they named the next step in Tensor
like xbox has mesh shaders, but only game that uses it is alanwake 2
but TFlops are fungable when you go from 1x32 bit instruction to 2x6 bit instructions
I mean isn’t the ROG ally advertised as like 8 tflops but my series s can play games better
Windows gaming has additional overhead that a console doesn't have to deal with
I’m not the most tech savvy person but companies throw out these numbers and a lot of the time it’s bs
It's mostly marketing to buy it. Like there is no real reason for a Ps5 pro to exist imo.
ON paper they are real. But in actual play there are un accounted for factors
yeah, pretty sure this game is Not For Me
I do wounder if ms waits to 2028, or goes in 2026
the rumor is is that GTA6 won’t run at 60 fps on the pro. which is why most will want to buy it for.
people will buy it thinking it will
it’s going to be marketed as improved “everything”. smoother visuals, smoother gameplay,
I'm not sure what the selling point is of the PS5 Pro. Some ray-tracing, maybe, if the devs of your favorite game release an RT update?
you have some incredible patience still sticking with this.
And to be clear, I like me some ray-tracing - Cyberpunk on my 4090 looks great. But it's not ~that~ great
ray tracing is good for development as well.
I get it. I'm just not sure it moves the needle for the average consumer
I’m guessing most people turn it off and prefer performance settings. on console at least
4K was a truly meaningful update for the PS4 Pro when there were a bunch of people that had shiny new 4K tvs. I don't think ray-tracing sells units of the PS5 Pro
@psford yeah that’s why the ps4 pro was more significant at the time
I sold my ps4 and xbone for a ps4 pro.
worth it.
didn’t it have that checkerboard rendering things as well? or did they all have that?
one more episode of fallout to go. i still have no clue why amazon decided to release this all at once. i think it would have been better as a slow burn
I watched the first 30 min. didn’t really grab me. I’ll have to try again
@SilkBrahJJ the first 10 minutes had me all in. but i've spent thousands of hours in those games
they only one I finished was new Vegas. got pretty far into fallout 4 but hit a wall and never went back
Hey what's good Arthur and chat just house-sitting for my folks after they inexplicably left for Croatia for two weeks
Hey @jinpei05
Sup @psford
I've heard the beaches there are beautiful
That's what I hear too. Just surprised after getting a call at 7am asking me to take them to the airport LUL
hahaha
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
So last podcast got pretty real at the end LUL
I came to many of the same realizations after the baby shower I went to
Just very coincidental
dragon has stealth 100
pawns are having a rough go if it
this does not look fun
friction, baby
is that your main pawn?
that’s tough
yea, switch her out
So is the combat here more frustrating than Monster Hunter?
it must have auto saved while you were running away
save mid battle is harsh
feels bad man
hate you’re having such a bad time with it
it sure ain't good
seems like a good time to start fallout 76 LUL
well i tried
I enjoyed it but I also didn’t have some of the issues you are having…definitely didn’t mean it was your fault that you weren’t enjoying it.
we have to find the people who did this
Are we out?
That sounds healthy
Did anyone here catch the preview for tonight's episode of X-Men 97?
HahHa random
Gay pornstar
Haven't seen it in years but I liked that movie
Liberal use of Primus in the soundtrack
"Can I have a coffee, black?" "Can't you see we talking, white?" LUL
i never stopped liking him but i do admit i've skipped most of his latest movies
Idk. I kinda fell off the whole view Askew fan bus after he retreated into doing the live show and podcasts
Clerks 3 was HORRENDOUS
speaking of justin long. i never saw the movie where he turned him into a walrus but i listened to the podcast where he brainstormed it
Tusk
i just listen to his podcasts
but i do need to watch clerks 3 at some point
and the 2nd jay and bob movie
"Clerks" was a foundational movie for me, but Zack and Miri might have been the last movie of his that I saw
Please don't. Itll make you hate that universe
oh wow, I somehow missed Clerks 3 existing
It didn't get a big release it was mostly self funded
the game that keeps on giving
hey hi!
patbaeCaev patbaeLego patbaeScythe patbaeLego patbaeCaev
Welcome raiderd
aww. what am i gonna do with myself?
Thanks for heads up
Is Anthony is charge of that?
lol, I'm glad you get to plan your weekend now
feel like kid havin-ass matt is the wildcard there
So does that mean you'll be  seeing Abigail or Sasquatch Sunset or The Ministry of Ungentlemanly Warfare this coming weekend?
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
I can CPU vs CPU matches in WWE 2K24. Good dumb stuff
Ooh nice I miss the BBG
er... ran not can
just got the magical spearman. pretty sick.
ooh, we don't have a botanical garden in Boston but I should absolutely go to the Arboretum
Arthur do you think you'll play Samd Land next week?
recovery arrow is verygood
its a ranged rez when fully charged
though you do have to charge it to get that efect
yup
every magik archer show can be charged lol
I downloaded a bunch of silly create-a-wrestlers. My world champ is Mario and the way his hat is part of his hair is... awful in a great way
I just think people are suprised b/c its nothat npc dense
yup
Anyone here want to feel old? Family Guy is celebrating its 25 anniversary this Friday
well now that you'e said it...
I mean, I turn 42 in a month. I don't feel ~old~, but certainly middle-aged
i plan to live forever so i guess i'll never be middle aged
I plan on taking your head and your quickening
welcome, sorry, i forgot you logged onto to stream.
i know you guys chatted about it awhile ago but what were your thoughts on blashpemous?
i just started it and i like it. the parry seems really early though.
did you see a nintendo indie showcase is happening? my silksong alert is on defcon 1
don't do this to me arthur. why do you always have to hurt me
But they will give us a pony instead
if it happens, it will happen june 6th
Silksong is a long con. It's never coming out, sheeple LUL
I? mean how pissed would the games press be if it was shadowdropped at the ms showcase lol.
silksong and avowed are my most anticipated games this year.
like starfeild, il play avowed via gamepass
I am cautious since Outer Worlds was fine. but felt small and they have said they are similar in world size
just b/c they arent their,doesnt mean they dont have to cover it.
i'm enjoying playing outer worlds but it seems like the 2nd game will be next level. like uncharted 1 to 2 jump
I would have wanted hyperion or w/e the capital planet to be larger. but It was a fine one of those games. and apparently the real thing takes a decade per
i feel like the world will get a lot bigger and fuller
not me playing fallout 3 and getting wayyy back into it after binging the show last week
I swear Skyrim used Proc Gen a ton to make the base world and then they designed on top of it
like everyone I see is playing the fuck out of  fallout games
And now they released Character Stats for Lucy and Ghoul
it’s so good just quit this and start 3 again Arthur
oh hey, after watching the show. where do you think the next fallout game takes place?
yup, I agree, but we have to go through the cycle of idot c-suits thinking thry can fire most of the staff first.
I just started New Vegas having never played a Fallout game
lets see Which C suite guy with a last name starting with Z does it first
I think Colorado would be great
i like colorado or texas
fallout Portland.
Is Fallout 76 online mostly? worth playing as single player?
does that matter, we arent getting a new fallout game til like 2035 anyways lol.
The chicago area would work. Colorado does have some nuclear bomb sites & a wide array of Biomes.
i hope they announce a fallout 3 remaster or something at e3
Bethesda should just swallow their pride and be okay with obsidian doing nv2
obsidian is too busy
they have their own shit to do now
@JohnJCruz Just started play 76 a week ago and finished the main story completely solo. I think you can do it all solo no problem aside from the group events to take down big creatures.
They probably have something up their sleeve
@hew71 WELCOME TO THE CHAT! HAVE FUN
ms went from too hands on, to not hands on enough lol
i just wonder how much longer todd is gonna stick around. seems like he's checking off a lot on the bucket list
@hew71 Ok that’s great! thank you! I might jump in then
Obsidian has folks there from 3 different fallout games
please put Josh sawyer on it I need his specific brand of quirk in another fallout game
It was funny in the Google Fallout quiz the actors they confused the game Wasteland with "The wasteland"
obsidian has avowed and outer worlds 2
also, i feel like there is value in fallout 1 and 2 getting a remaster
here’s a thought inXile remakes 1 and 2
the fallout update for modern hardware is good
a megaton, if you will
xbox basically created the avengers of former fallout devs lol
imagine arkane made that
I mean it was clearly a mistake to let them finish redfall lol
Was there a rumor that Bend Studio was considered for the canceled Last of Us  Factions?
straight up— I put down rebirth because the pull of the show was so much I HAD to play 3 again. I am 12 hours in already and I started it Sunday again
Arkane contributed work to Brink. which is interesting
I mean I totaly boleve they helped with the space corpo mussions
i wonder what rare is doing these days, did they restart that game?
yeah that Sea of thieves , but skyrim was restarted for sure
the weird mystical creature game they showed a small amount of
I mean clockwork revalution is the fame im most intreasted in
last statement was around 2021 when the project "underwent a complete reboot" and Optimistically targeted a 2024 release date
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
looks great is the problem, its taking too long for ms to release games
What do you mean Perfect Dark came out years ago?... I wait I mean is in Dev limbo
what if the coalition announces a gears collection and then one last thing's gears 6 announcement
also it bums me that they dropped the war from gears
War never changes, Gears of War.. changes the name?
its been what 2 years since we heard anything on south of midnight?
i think just one year
atleast indieana jones is this falll
And maybe the zombie game
Or at least they may show it
State of Decay
I'm just sitting here wondering about that Metal Slug strategy game
Heck the Last Indiana Jones game was made by A2M.. err Behaviour Interactive
nah seems like state of decay 3 seems to be a mess
did they say when indy was coming out? this year right
I think its fine
There's a Nintendo Indie stream tomorrow
hey Saudi has "the gamer City" and game will still use Queer skins. (Queer Players will probably be arrested)
It is sad but not surprising that the Former UNdead LAbs guy was a dead beat. (I always kinda saw that shit comming)
I only bring it up b/c its been 6 years
What Undead Labs guy?
Possibility Space yeah Jeff Strain and their shit umbrella corp
which is a nuty long dev cycle for a B teir open world zombie game.
@Sinarisx is the gamer city the place that's supposed to have the DBZ theme park?
(sarcasm) excuse me Kotaku forced them to close those studios
@BROSOT lol, no word about theme parks. just luxury hotels and restaurants
Best Viewers and Followers on StreamBoo .com (  u.to/gxOeIA )
Sorry I was wrong. Qiddiya the gamer city will have a Six Flags
dang. wish i had a stream boo
i stand with big bird
what?
I want to see a Muppet picket line.
"can you tell me how to get to sesame street?" "no"
Cookie Monster deserves fair wage
Does Sesame street still come on TV?
Oscar deserves SSRIs & a house
HBO
i feel like sesame street should be required to be only on network tv
That's weird
did you see the new trailer for sandland features darude's sandstorm? it's perfect
akira toriyama's last big project
Everytime I hear Sandstorm brought up I remember when Darrude did a Sandstorm x BabyShark set at Cochella
I hope Sand Land does well.
Sand Land the Manga that nearly Destroyed Toriyama
aren't you ready to kill "the" dragon
"Drawing a tank will make this simple and quick" Narrator: THis was not true
has anyone watched the sand land anime? is it good?
sigurd gave me an ultimo spear guy ability over there
you think you are close to beating the game?
the game is close to beating him
i wish the consoles had a comprehensive return policy like steam even
they usually won't return items when you start playing them. they don't have the two hour window thing. you can if you don't play it
yup, I forget which game(s) it was but he has
i accidentally bought a game on the store once and they gave me a refund and i still got to keep the game
Xbox let me do it for a DLC purchased and then I realized the bundle was cheaper. Not that it made Farcry 6 any better
The self refund is better than than talking to people at xbox.  Whenever I talk to them, it makes me mad.
Also on fun news over the weekend. I hope that Gio will get Nintendo Themed Hockey Jerseys in the future
Hello my name is Arthur Gies and I am a 4k addict. its been 6 hours since I last used
almost went over the edge there
twice
oh fuck that was funny
i lose at least one pawn every time I go there
i know but #content is great
arthur
maybe it's time for fallout comfort food. time to boot up fallout 3
Time to rage quit?
what is that magic spell she does
that's what i was thinking. it lights up a lot
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
did you see cliffy b is signal blasting a lawbreaker revival by fans
i maintain that i had fun w/ lawbreakers. i feel like i was getting the movement down then moved away from the game.
fair point
Looks like the Warriors are getting eliminated from the play-in tournament tonight
he got real hostile after fans got pissed it wasn't coming to xbox.
was he pissed about something to do w/ gears?
cliffy b seems like someone we don't need to pay attention to anymore
he has a bunch of different weird projects. like a comic about a dog, runs a beer house. some play
yep, that's the one.
also helps being a ground floor investor on oculus
and epic lol
Hello! Quick question. Looking at replacing my 8 year old HyperX headset. Might do something wireless for once. Thoughts from wirecutter. HyperX Cloud 3 Wireless on one section, but then says Razer BlackShark V2.
i also don't think his design style has translated to modern games. kinda like jaffe
@ZIfnabDR they recommend the hyperx cloud 3 wireless i believe
@kgvstheworld Thanks i'll check it out
Clay Thompson has ZERO points in this game
i'm pumped to watch x-men this week
that spell looks so fucking cool
reminds me of the elden tree
Did you hear that Alien is coming back to theaters next Friday?
where are we going in game?
kill the dragon then bed
with the wind today, my allergies were rough
i use zyrtec and flownase
you do those every day?
woah. are you allergic to cats? i know you have some but my allergies to cats got better when i was around them all the time
i never had plant allergies til i moved to texas. everything here is trying to kill me
I actually am
Or I was as a kid
It got a lot less severe as I got older to the point of almost gone
your allergies do change as you age.
Usually they get worse as I understand them lol
just saw akiva from lonely island is directing naked gun
Saw Pamela Anderson just got cast in that movie lol
Hahah nice dick shot
that seems like the big bad dragon
He's on fire!
as a assassin w/ a dagger, how are you supposed to realistically fight this thing
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
ah shit
Fucking shit
oh damn. what's next
You and this game is like me and Tekken 8 LUL
i think you gave it plenty of chances
are you playing tales of kenzera right now
I had to hard reset last night playing New Vegas. Been a looong time since I needed to do that
Harold Halibut?
Thanks for the stream
I had a very dumb day at work
night everyone, behave yourselves
night
Aegies is now live! Streaming Fallout: what's a "vault dweller"?
I replayed fallout 1 + 2 earlier this year on the steam deck
Still good imo
Will you be using Fallout 1 in 2 mod?
How was the controls @firestarman ?
godspeed
Controls were fine.
Managed to bind things like next turn, change attack to buttons
Happy Anniversary
Hello chat
so turns out I have really bad Sciatica
Please, beef chuck is my father, call me Beef Charles.
june is a busy month game/news wise
how much is diet soda in NYC? its ludicrous in the DMV area..
lol
its cheaper for me to use instacart then take the bus to the nearest grocerie store
I thought Instacart was a Publix thing
Publix. The grocery store
wouldn't be a Fallout game without spending time in a grocery store
The problem with instacart, is how shady they are.   They increase all the prices on every single item.  They dont show you that increase.  Then they also charge more at the end
Well, its just because I only shop at the Publix website.  I didn't know there was a general site with more stores.
new vegas im sure does
yeah the website is great
You gotta stock up on Sugar Bombs
I wouldnt want to grocery shop in NYC either
My local grocery store has their own delivery service. They don't raise prices, just charge a small delivery fee
my dispensary does free delivery
I would looooove if there was a walkable grocery store in my area
The rent is too damned high!
LUL Hi folks
To be fair, paying for poison is equally insane LUL
pizza
Red wine?
taco bell?
you need like starch
Good evening Arthur and chat btw
I always go for brussles
Sprouts
Pizza is great for a date.  Unless you are lactose intolerant.
Only true fans are here listening to grocery shopping. LUL LUL
oh shit, beef bourguignon might be my favorite food
Brussel Sprouts
Roasted sprouts are amazing
Put some honey on it
I love me some broccoli
just google image beef Boulogne and see what other people are eating
Broccoli
Mac and cheese?
yeah, mashed potatoes
yukon gold
russets
yukon gold specific gravity is too high for good mash
russets are good, but I like yukon golds
(i work for Kettle Foods, the potato chips people)
both work
I actually like Idaho
literal professional potato guy
Russets are starchier
russet
"I'm just a humble potatoman..."
take out the humble and you got me
you can't go wrong
taters are universal
LUL @Firestarman
dont get me started on perfecting hashbrowns
if you like the podcast or the stream, you can always tip over at ko-fi.com/aegies
use a potato ricer for mashed potatoes
Lol only
just use lots of butter and half and half or cream instead of low fat milk
I like hashbrowns.  I like mine crispy
Everybody shout!  This spud's for you!
hmmmmmm
lean on a cheesier mash then
Mashed potatoes are a fucking pain in the ass ro make. You must really like your partner
Rice is cheaper than potatoes
unsweetened almond milk
less lactose instead of cups of cream
What's the brand?
Hahahahaha
That's a chain
Yep
Remember when 3 days of groceries was $35?
@jinpei05 nah - they're easy. though I'm also of Irish descent, so cooking taters is just standard for me
Google Wow Bao and you'll see
its cheaper for me to eat at mcdonalds every day near my house then order groceries
As is in California
How does your body handle mcdonalds every day?
@GT_JamesATL it doesn't
where did you get it from
What monitor?
noice
Fast food in cities is expensive as hell. I spent so much on Taco Bell last night
I went to urgent care today because I pinched a nerve in my back so you know
Is it another oled?
Ouch
(It was worth it. The Cantina menu is p good)
Is the Fallout show worth watching if you never played fallout?
yes
@booopboopp yeah it's great
Sorry for walking in mid-discussion, are you cooking dinner arthur?
very low barrier to entry
my wife doesn't play the game but loves Silo and is basically comparing it to that
@booopboopp As someone who played 2 hours of Fallout 4, and started New Vegas this week, YES
@dwhilton has she read the books....
there you go perefect
Wait, fallout 1?
how god intended
Lower the res
@GraysonEvans she finished the first book last year
man i love this game so much
@dwhilton well good speed, I liked the second book but did not like the third
You can play it high res but the ui is so small
Cheap Viewers and Followers on StreamBoo .com ( cutt.ly/Iw5i4whx )
ATOM rpg pulls off OG fallout pretty well
that main menu looks good
look at that big beautiful helmut
Jinpie falling down on his mod duties
the wall has been breached
Its all good
This is on Gamepass PC?
they did canada dirty
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
When's the last time you played Fallout 1?
Blame Canada
brave of americans to think that Canada would go to war with them
Best Viewers and Followers on StreamBoo .com ( cutt.ly/Iw5i4whx )
Most of the Fallout games are also super discounted on Steam right now if you want to be able to mod them
Canada wasnt going to defend itself once russia invaded alaska so its fair to annex
Its multiple bots coming in
Oh man. Is this your first playthrough of FO1?
every fallout is on sale on steam rn
75% off or something
I played a not so legal version of Falllout back in the day
getting ron perlman on the first game is a get
At least in my experience modding Game Pass games is pretty hit or miss
But I remember none of this
I love FO1 and 2, but they're so hard to get into nowadays lol
good thing the 21st century is a ways off...oh wait...
Love me some Hannibal Chao
ron perlman wasn't as big in 1996
He's great
yeah but then he got SWOLE
and it was an awesome role
ron perlman was already the beast by then, right?
Best Clayface ever
also great as orion in superman
Written by George R R Martin
just finished the show. can't wait for more
he was so good in Enemy At The Gates
Or should I say Matt Hagen
did anyone watch the bonus features?
if you like the podcast or the stream, you can always tip over at ko-fi.com/aegies
Always running for sure
Arthur chose violence
There is a game difficult and combat difficulty?
i would suggest normal, but dropping it down as soon as it gets rough
this game isnt easy
that movie rules
There is a movie to get in 4k
great sniping sequences
must protect dogmeat at all costs
but do we destroy Bakersfield?
the hit chances is max XCOM math
Pacific Rim baby
Hannibal Chao was awesome
is blackout any good because I remember that movie not being good
blackout*
damn it
blackhat
I think 4k is the last physical format, so enjoy it while it lasts
if anyone hasn't watched the bonus features for the show i highly recommend them. classic vault-tec videos
agreed
you can also roll your own
there is no reason for 8k
As an FYI, you don't have to take a premade char, you can just make one
Hello
they released The Ghoul and Lucy's stats from the show, which is great cuz imma play fallout 3 soon
do it
For fun
I suggested that with Aliens Expanded LUL
you role your own in every other fallout why not this one
I’ve thought about going back to Fallout Shelter
this guy gives me bruce campbell vibes
I saw Streets of Fire for the first time over the weekend and am shocked I never saw that as a kid
well bloody mess perk. mostly
Going nowhere fast, baby
the really just throw you in
his mouth was really high on his face
Willem DeVillian
hey man so I need a favour
Fun fact. One of the 3d modelers whomst did Starcraft CGs scenes worked on this. and then Arcanum. IIRC while at blizzard they called the sonagrams of her unborn child a zergling
I thought the copy of Streets fo Fire I bought was the 4k, but its just the new bluray :(
yeah. this is taking me back
i wonder if the thing with the water chip in the show was just a nod to this or if it will be a real problem next season
That Willem and Madonna movie came out on HBO and I was way too young to see that film.
I was to young to play this when it came out
Equip stuff
I for inventory
yep, 90's video game
I would love to see more Vaults in season 2 of Fallout
the move you're going to use is the big button bottom mid
if microsoft gave us a remake/remaster for this i would get it day one
The INV button
I forget if there is a weapon on the corpse outside the door
can throw haymakers with red button
@Braynbasher we need another Gary vault except maybe this show could have...Barry?
@OkiGator and Barry HATES gary
The green dots above your equip slot is your AP. Each move that you do in combat spends AP
lol
@Firestarman so darned much
also the weapons have two modes, basic and targeted (vats kinda draws form this)
@okigator Hmm. there are some vaults I would like to see that I won’t mention because of spoilers
you are negaged in rat combat
did anyone text that Fallout number?
you're in combat so movement is turn based
what's the number?
you can just end combat
bottom right
lower right are two 'end' buttons
click end cmbt on the right
on the right there are two buttons end turn and end combat
double click should run
213-25–VAULT
turn it down though
too late LUL
You want scaling x2 otherwise the text is going to be really tiny
You probably need to mod it with a widescreen patch
well, you could play it at a lower resolution and full screen
looked good one the steam deck imytGrimace
its just that the UI is hard to understand at hires
yolo
uh oh
oh its gonna make OBS hate living
lol
LUL
I would full screen and a lower resalution
yup sounds like a game from the 90s lol
Old game problems lol
atleast you will be busy
and sounds like you wont be streaming the press confrences
RIP the VOD
wait you arent Sam Bankman Fried with a folder labeled 'Financial Crimes' ?
people seem confused by the timeline of Fallout tv show. The bombs drop 2077 but the 50 Modern ascetic is moved forward.
if you like the podcast or the stream, you can always tip over at ko-fi.com/aegies
I mean, it's pretty straightforward
nothing jumped out at me about the timeline. but my appetite is definitely whetted
oh people love it, but a couple podcast people kept saying the past is the 1950s
The bombs have always dropped in 2077. the faux 50s thing never comes from the 1950s. unless you mean the Fallout Brotherhood of steel game (the diablo like)
I will say Fallout Tv series is the Transmedia dream Xbox had with Xbox One
after beating last of us 2 I don't think my non gamer mom is ready
yeah i have no notes
Some very impressive TV this week
I'm only on episode 3, but yeah, it's really fucking good
im watching 1 a week with my wife
old school
Shogun, X-Men 97, Fallout
an exit is alwyas a darkened section generally
border of the map has an exit zone
Yeah. The shaded areas usually denote an exit
this is very CRPG and also Daggerfall
oh hey
100 days ish
yeah, @jinpei05, X-Men 97 kicks ass
its 150 days iirc
Nobody would harm America's favorite character actor / angry pug
Sales are up for Fallout.  can’t wait for that Skyrim show for sells of Skyrim to go back up. lol
100 initially. 150 if you hire a water caravan. and then additional timer for reasons? I forget
they could do a skyrim netflix anime
like Dota
need your readers grandpa?
I think there are different Shady Sands in Fallout that are all test beds for the corpos
not pleasant for me either
That is probably for the best, yea. 1080x768 was highres for the time
we all are just silently reading lol
let's hear liam neeson's sultry voice
give in to vault-tec
I thought you were going to say you were bit by a ghoul
I have an irrational urge to re-edit part of Episode 1 to use Butcher Pete instead of what they chose
Remember that initially Fallout was Wasteland 2 /w GURPS. but then they changed to SPECIAL and rejiggered the story line
Best Viewers and Followers on StreamBoo .com ( cutt.ly/gw5i86Yw )
The way Fallout is set up. they can always change the main character from season to season.
yeah, no DOTA right click to pull the map around
oh man. you really going with the first Fallout? seeing it all the way through?
I dont remember if Ghouls are part of normal Society yet.
yay Tandi, first President
All professional voices
Ah Cree Summer
What a pro
Hey Arthur, huge fan of the podcast. I love that you guys have been doing it for so many years. Was that a decree at the outset? Always and forever, this podcast?
I'm on ep 3
( Raises Hand )
i have
me just now
i've almsot started
I did
Finished today
negative
so if you're going to spoiler let me konw so i can leave
ive got two episodes
What service is it on?
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
I love Cree Summer
Cree Summer had a huge crush on her when I was a kidZ
PLEASE don't stop, if you can help it.
its on beebo
@jinpei05 Amazons
Oh Amazon. The one service I don't have
I mean, I never thought you guys would go as long as you have
if you quit one day at least set up some AI to make ongoing episodes
i'd still listen
Lmao
You guys are the second or third longest running podcast that I listen to
if you like the podcast or the stream, you can always tip over at ko-fi.com/aegies
You guys soundly defeated the Comedy Button lol
Jobs, family, etc., all come first, for sure. If you guys stopped today, I would respect it and would cherish all those episodes. Anyway, just wanted to say thank you for all the years of awesome content.
more dads on the comedy button
But always beware the return of the Tragedy Lever
I definitely think the first four years of the podcast could be turned into an animated show on Netflix. There stories you guys told. were fantastic
yeah its a speak to the leader thing, and I think you might have to buy a rope
Radio Free Nintendo is the one I've listened to the longest
Random question....MS Store...downloading any app.....TAKES FOREVER? Just me?
nothing against the comedy button but it got to a point that I had to stop listening some of the stuff was entertaining...also I am at the point were I really only listen to 3 podcasts these days Rebel FM, Brad and Will Make a Podcast Planet Money
Had no idea Cheap Ass Gamer was a podcast
Radio Free Nintendo is the main podcast for Nintendo World Report (formerly Planet Gamecube, formerly Planet N2000)
I listen to Good Job Brain and Inside of You with Michael Rosenbaum
@Aegies You listen to Into the Aether?
I think I mentioned here once but I use to listen to a lot of gaming podcast and just stopped and focused on this one since I have been listening to it for so long
I am a slut for This American Life
Currently 870 numbered episodes, 1020 episodes on the feed
I pretty much exclusively listen to Giantbomb EU podcasts at this point. Jeff Gerstmann, Brad and Will, and Shift+F1
most gaming podcasts are all the same
Something Rotten is a great gaming podcast though
Holy shit you actually got it!.
Inside of You is pretty cool. Except for Zachary Levi's appearances lol
@GraysonEvans agreed also I got annoyed at some of the hosts
This game looks.... Not as good as I expected
fallout 2 is less finished and way better
the red button above the inv button changes your selected weapon
I am building my first windows PC in 10yrs...is there a recommended graphics card or should I just wait for the new series release?
red button
red button upper left corner?
The big thing about it is that two of the hosts, aside from being absolute madmen, also work in non-gaming software development, and when they get into it, have alot of insight on the economics of game and software dev
god I miss idle thumbs
is this stream hicupping for anyone else?
Oh I thought it was just the game
is that the seth green movie?
i am seeing A LOT of new players in 76 this week
just the tip
A smattering
fallout 2 is where my brain goes when i hear the word
Oh man. The first dungeon in FO2 is pretty brutal. Should be fun :D
just the pip
very formative for me
The best turn base fallout game is Wasteland 2
Fallout 2 is where I get angry that my 1st playthrough I wasn't that handsome so when I did the Porn studio quest I got poisoned form being a fluffer
unlimited POWER!
with great power comes great resopnsibility
Hello sister Gies
this game has a fucked up hard opening
and this had a port on the PS2 right?
really who?
oh yeah i know
@Aegies Are you into little retro game Gameboy consoles? like the Miyoo Mini?
I finished it
nope this was Mac / PC only
in like a day
BoS was on consoles
Fallout is a blind spot I need to fix
tactics and BoS are the same game, no?
Fallout: Brotherhood of Steel is not a sequel
?
I like fallout shelter
I only ever finished Fallout 3
FO3 is good. I'm not sure why people hate it so much
its him!
the guy!
best decision they ever made to buy the franchise for todd
Honestly, what was interplay by the time Fallout 3 was being made?
What I really want is a FONV remaster lol
the Fallout 2 team didn't have the leaders of the Fallout 1 team. they had left and started Troika
I feel like we won't hear anything about anything fallout and it will be sad, I really hope I am wrong though
thats what im saying
my step dad has 1000 hours in Fallout 4 so he needs something to move onto
if you like the podcast or the stream, you can always tip over at ko-fi.com/aegies
These are the events from FO1
@JhorenMihawk i dont think we made it that far
Im sure there's a new vegas remake in the cards since I assume Elder Scrolls 6 is what the main studio is working on currently.
that's some might big shoes to fill
isn't Todd Howard retiring?
Obsidian is part of MS so they theoretically have access to it
if they remaster oblivion will they chang the insane xp system?
according to a person who is very problematic is that he pitched a New Vegas 2 and Bethesda wasn't interested.  And they kinda hinted that Bethsoft didn't want to touch things that they didn't make
I mean aren't they apart of MS now it might not be up to Todd Howard because as successful as the tv show is and ppl going back to the games...we are wanting a new fallout versus a new elder scrolls
the Pentiment doc was really interesting, Josh sawer has a cool youtube channel too
goodnight everyone. Enjoy the wasteland
Bethesda wasn't integrated into MGS so much. then. it might be different now
@Sinarisx I assume there's a little bit where Todd gets annoyed that people like New Vegas in a way their games are not.
man that game is not easy to go back to
MS seems to becoming hands on with their purchases after the issues they ran into
I’ll say this before I go. I definitely think if they are looking for another game to mind for a film/tv show. I think Deathloop would be a great film. who doesn’t like a time loop film.
this reminds me of the beginning of ocarina in a way
yup this is just  more game.
and some more world building
my dumbass thought "wow how did it know your name"
@Sinarisx there is a dusting of QOL
Hey Arthur, do you have a suggestion for an external blu-ray drive for pc? seeing prices from very cheap to over $100 and not sure what's a good price or product.
a second type of power armor. and QoL but its not a huge departure in systems
ha, ok, I'll wait for the article.
you would almost have to make Fallout 1 into a tree puncher just to fill the space up
is it a tree puncher?
its fallout with a splash of tree puncher
but tree punching isn't required technically
ahh okay thats what I thought
i warned you about xcom math
Maybe this is dumb because isometric games like this are my kryptonite, but don't you remake this like a modern Diablo or Disco Elysium?
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
this stream is throttling my ADHD brain haha
play 3
let's do the intro to 3
I'm playing NV until the 4 update comes out
let's do 3 and see how quickly we can find dad
I am gonna do a playthrough of 3, NV and then 4
transporting me back in time with this music
this year is a backlog year for me except the Elden ring DLC
yeah not a huge amount new that I feel that I have to play right away besides FF7 rebirth and Erd tree
Arthur, who's your favorite ninja turtle?
can you not just do window capture?
@jinpei05 probably Donatello
first it was leo but then raph then leo again, then raph
@booopboopp which Donatello?
donnie was always the best in games simply due to reach
@jinpei05 how many are there
dont you have fallout 3 on xbox?
Lol many. I assume you're referring to the original 87 cartoon?
is Fallout 3 one of the cursed games you have to DxWnd to make fullscreen a window for? yeah PC gaming this far back is a Pain. its almost easier to Xbox app stream FO3 and capture that window
@jinpei05 yea.
Cool cool cool
And yeah, the game versions are valid too
but this time will we sell the kid to the Slavers?
Christ another reminder we are old
my is Terry Crews from Balls of Fury
and it will be forever
the opening is very long
Look even my Ubisoft Avatar is soo OLD that it has an E3 shirt :P
I think across most iterations, I like Michelangelo the most
which turtle is the one that likes pizza
that ones the best
put fawkes in season 2, please
@firestarman the 87 cartoon
i mean of the four
They all did in the 87 cartoon but Michelangelo was the chef
Just Give Dave Foley some $$
i would love to see danny trejo all ghouled up
Hello, so I take it original Fallout didn't go well lol
i mean if they put him in like a dragon then why not the show
Interesting. I like how Raphael went from a rageaholic to an asshole in the cartoon LUL
No, it really doesn't seem like it is. Are you picking up from an old save here?
so you flew thru the main story in this then?
Lol is your character wearing a MAGA hat???
level 20 seems so low
lmao
to get fawkes you had to get a bit far
I just saw a red baseball cap
We gotta see that hat for a sec
Arthur Gies, noted maga chud LUL
Did we meet harold yet?
I should play this. And New Vegas. And 4.
aww man Arefu. all the residents there hate me for no reason
if you like the podcast or the stream, you can always tip over at ko-fi.com/aegies
i resolved that quest peacefully and then i showed up weeks later and they're all hostile
lots of jank in my save. half the caravaners are dead but i have a dogmeat that can't die so that's a plus
New donation from Chris!
Support on Ko-fi: https://ko-fi.com/aegies
nah that was so many years ago. i just avoided that town after that
three dooooooog
yeah compare this to Hitman Absolution. which has soo many issues
I feel like people say "it just works" meaning "it's so easy, you just pop it in and play" not "they don't do any work to it"
I wish they’d just put this game into the fallout 4 engine 🙃
its quite a feat
I don't think F3 and FNV are meant to be played above 60 FPS, I wouldn't be surprised if stuff breaks
poor argyle
they are updating fo4 next week
I'm new to Fallout, but was surprised that I needed to mod New Vegas so much just to make it playable
I meam kind of, they recompiled it from power pc the x86
I keep New Vegas on the steam deck for that very reason
without mods NV was a stuttering, crashing mess
which is why I consider this a port, not emulation
@eathdemon Wait, they actually recompile the exe? I thought they used a wrapper?
@eathdemon That is why I joke about them calling it "Back Compat(tm)" its a recompile with a x360 layer rolled in. its not a x360 emulator
Hmm, okay interesting. I feel like if you're recompiling the exe, then it is closer to a port than emulation
emulation is realtime translation, the recompiled to x86 b/c thr xb1 cpu wasnt strong enough to do emulation
like Shims were hacky settings. This has cross compatible DLLs I believe. its messy. They have to do legal stuff, so the majority of Back Compat games are also on the xbox storefront ( which might have Back Compat as part of the sales agreement )
@eathdemon Yeah this is what I've understood emulation to be, which is why I was surprised
Phil did say on a Bombcast E3 that X360 BC was shims and this is a different beast. but yeah that would be an interesting Talk
yeah they have explicitly said its been recompiled to x86 code, so its why the call it back compat and not emulation
yeah because unlike Fallout 2 which has a high chance of long term drug dependance its worth taking them
Watching a guy shoot up before he comes over to try and lie to you.
almost like seeing a guy crush an entire cylinder of Jet before attacking you
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
I dunno. just a thought out of thin air. Much like the special  thing that Hancock wants in Fallout 4
Atleast its Gulper Free
Do we see Anthony's balls this evening?
This chat is getting spicy
100% Normal Fallout 3 gameplay here
and to think there wont be a new fallout game til 2035 b/c w/e reasson ms wont take fallout from tod and give it to a difrent team lol.
we'll get some kind of fallout, just probably not 5
Nope, the success of the show and a general need to have MGS prove its worth will knock a new Fallout game free
I mean, Fallout 76 is finally decent and Elder Scrolls 6 is on the horizon
Here’s to hoping it’s not just FO76 updates
@Sinarisx Metal...Gear...Solid?...
And Starfield kinda killed good will towards Bethesda
@LethalPlacebo Microsoft Game Studios
@Sinarisx Thank you, knew I was missing it lol
Elder Scrolls 6 is .... 5 years away? assuming that part of the content team for Starfield is still working on that
I can’t wait to finally jump back into Starfield but I’d be lying if I said it had all the Skyrim magic.
Why is it so ridiculous that there's no new game yet though? They just came off Starfield and surely the show was in the works for a long time? You can't exactly schedule things like that when you're working on a brand new IP
yes tod's team is now working on es6
thanksLUL
new vegas 2 makes the most sense which makes me think it won't happe
question is did they start it, or are they waiting for evowed to be finished
@DrummerBoyDibs I put 100+ hours into Starfield. Once the official mod tools come out I'm back in hard
Your character isn't a MAGA chud anymore. He just says milady LUL
ms has been afraid to fold bethesda in to mgs proper for what ever reasson
I agree it's insane how long it's been, but it doesn't surprise me with how there's only 1 main Fallout/ES team and they wanted to work on something new
What kind of hat? Like one for fashion or warmth?
why is this scavenger so tough
it’s been so long since I played this I’m not 100% sure if this is FO3 or 4.
@DrummerBoyDibs 3
remember finding the mysterious stranger's son in new vegas?
Thank you. I suspected but didn’t remember Mysterious Stranger in 3
thanks to GP I’m finally playing shadow of the tomb raider…I really enjoyed this trilogy.
there’s a poster in a BG3 group I follow who posts as ThreeDog and it’s actually pretty good
ah woooo!
i remember spending a bunch of time reverse pickpocketing a helmet onto three dog so i could steal his glasses and bandana for extra stats
when the update releases I’m going to give Fallout 4 a try, it’ll be my first Fallout
watching this definitely tempts me but i'll wait for a remaster
I cant play fo3/nv the gun handling feels way to awful, 4 wasmanagable
I just watched the first episode of the show and the audio took me back to these games. very powerful. though eff, that opening scene hit hard. “is it my thumb or your thumb?”
they say 76 is a way better game now than release
fo4 was outstanding. I spent probably 100 hours and never bothered to finish my campaign.
well it still technically has VATs but i understand
Have you seen Shogun?
Evening
yes. it just works in realtime
still useful
glad you talked it up so much on RFM. I was on the fence but hearing you fanboy over it got me excited
I may swallow my pride and pay the 10 bucks to watch on amazoon
I think I'd put the show just a tad below Watchmen? I dunno, they're both great
more fun for sure
so fallout or last of us?
definitely a fun show
if you like the podcast or the stream, you can always tip over at ko-fi.com/aegies
while last of us is good, its just the game.
i concur
Hey Arthur, I noticed in the last two RFM episodes, the volume levels seemed a bit low. Wondering if anyone else noticed that?
I do hope that Season 2 of Fallout actually shows some of the factions of the Wasteland and is a bit more of the wasteland. but that was hard for the story they had and the timeframe
oh no, this song. this gets stuck in my head for months. but man, it made such a good fo4 trailer.
I might checkout the fallout london mod, which ironicly the modders had to push back b/c of ms suprise fo4 update lol.
@isthatab3ar The show in general is pretty quiet for me compared to other podcasts.
I didn’t notice any sound issues.
@DrummerBoyDibs It's not an issue at all, just quiet.
It's just that when I switched back to another pod and my music, it was a noticeably louder. Thanks, and thanks as always for the pod.
do you feel like this is the ultimate song for this series?
aparently the show say f it, and just uses game logic for things like vats and stim packs
most of the other podcasts I listen to are either NPR (so volume matching maybe DOES mean too quiet) or Kinda Funny (and every podcast is quieter than Greg Miller shouting)
@LethalPlacebo OK, understood. I just found myself having to turn up the volume more than normal for the last two Eps. No biggie.
just always takes me back to that first fallout 3 trailer and me having no idea what fallout was. love at first sight
@isthatab3ar Yup, I'm with you
AS I have said before, This song was supposed to be the intro song for Fallout 1 , they couldn't get it. SO they used the same Ink Spots song from Shawshank Redemption. But they did use it for the Fallout 3 opening / teaser announce
And don't take water from Ghouls that hate Smoothies
Did you decide not to stream Fallout 1?
At first I didn't realize it was Kyle MacLachlan in Fallout. He's so good
"when one dog ain't enough...and two is too low..."
Gotcha. I was wondering if they ever got touched up for modern computers
could have used more dogmeat. my only real criticism atm
it got that The Boys budget fx
I could have had a not emotionaly abusive jerk make a cameo. but thats fine, folks give him a pass
yeah the DJ
Who?
a scene was filmed in my area of Staten Island, they turned an old ShopRite into a zombie overrun supermarket
I don't think I've heard anything about someone abusive being in the cast
I would say I wounder if execs in hollywood after fallout/last of us are more willing to do good video game adabtations, but who am I kidding, they wont.
And on the Skeleton Coast of Namibia
yup, and she is the Love Interest in Belegravia. wild to hear her actual accent
she's 2 for 2 now in video game adaptations
I forgot she was in Yellowjackets
arcane
Arcane she is Jinx
Fallout is Very horny.
In a way that feels natural
i liked the explosion talk
I havent heard a show mention Vaj wetness before?
apparently the brotherhood does not have sex ed
Fallout 1 & 2 the brotherhood is an isolationist bunch of racial purists
But now the BoS has become unmoored from time and Canon. because it exists in Fallout 76
Why not?
I swear Fallout 3 kinda refers to Fallout Tactics story of traveling from California through Colorado and the Midwest to WAshington
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
brotherhood was added later but yes its a decent storyline
"Cameras are Hard" and this game's camera was ROUGH
SO what is the Ghoul thing? the Drug use or the other Ghoul thing?>
i'm cool with it
Please do because no one will say anything and I'm lost
I found that interesting
slowly loosing humanity
That makes sense
i think that's something that was only added for the show
Yeah thats new because harold has survived for a long time without drugs
I thought the show was saying Radaway also caused it?
cuz there have been instances where ghouls were stranded in places with no access to radaway
but i'm cool with it being added
It might just be that they need radaway when they start to turn.
the conceit used to always be that every ghoul was different but they all turn eventually
so maybe some can just go decades with no issue. Obviously the Ghoul was also able to be buried for a long stretch without radaway
most ghouls are from before the war
that dude sounded like Kristy the Klown
i think there are only a couple instances in game where you find humans that became ghouls after the fact
*krusty
most ghouls were alive pre war but the bombs turned them. A few were made Ghouls by Vault Tech to see if they could make execs immortal
and there is a ghoul creation syrum
yeah moira
and she isn't too perturbed by it. classic moira
yeah its part Hancocks thing
Damn I just got off conference calls. FO3!!!
clean save?
he ain't built for stealth
did Fallout 4 have a dj the equivalent to three dog? I can't remember
he was nervous til you fix him. i just wish i had known that before i played 200 hours of the game
I mean I think some people dont like that the 3d fallouts are only wasteland, fo1/2 had futureistic cities/civilization
you do his quest and he gets more confident. he's still no three dog but he's passable
i explored every inch of the map before i went into diamond city and i avoided the radio station just because of him
XDefiant is back?
It just showed up in the Xbox store
I liked the last test quite a bit
I can’t think of a better game soundtrack except maybe Tony hawk pro skater 2 or 3
i momved to DC right around the time i was playing this and it was unsettling going into the metro tunnels IRL for the first time. kept thinking i was gonna get jumped by ghouls
Looks like the Bulls' suffering continues until Friday
i forgot all about the enclave station
not living trees that i can recall except for the new vegas DLC
there are tons of trees in 76 but the conceit is that the bombs left the area mostly unscathed
can't remember either
Visit Aegies's Ko-fi page at: https://ko-fi.com/aegies?ref=twitch
(just joining) oh, when you tweeted "original fallout" you meant 3, not 1...
ooooh
all you could stand
vaulty
why 3 and not 4?
we just finished ep 4 of the show. Having a good time. My son and I know all the references, daughter and wife is all new to it.
oh wowwww Xbox
Arthur, did you watch the Nintendo Indies Stream this morning?
none of my friends have started watching but they all plan to. need more people talk to about it
RIP Silksong fans
Just curious if anything in the lineup was of interest to you
The ninja turtles game looked ok
Yeah but Apple exclusive
The Youtube chat certainly expected Silksong
I have Android lol
LUL
The kitty game looking so cute
Yay!
Lol
I bought the doc separate.
Featuring my favorite character in any movie ever, Fat Kid
give me elden ring dlc and I’ll be happy
FINALLY got Abyss 4K last week since my preorder was too late.
The writers of Monster Squad feel like they'd get canceled if they wrote it today. Fat Kid, nude polaroids, smoking kids...
one of my fave three dog lines: "the vault dweller has finished looking for bottles of soda...talk about a slow news day"
yup
Fred and I were actually called that in high school so...
I love it but man it's rough to watch sometimes....like I was excited to show my kid that movie and a couple of years, but now I am like...maybe I should wait a bit
yup.  good times. don't mean to be out of touch, but do they use those words NOW?
Almost any movie from the 80s is nigh unwatchable today
oh for sure
I was discussing that with my mom a few months ago
also in the south (certain areas) for sure use those words still
That's the reasoning. Asshole characters should be... assholes.
oy
ya
lol
rewatched that recently and man I kinda wish they still made buff dude action movies
just a smidge LUL
Filming now: Play Dirty. Coming to Amazon.
im worried about the running man remake
@dwhilton they still make them today, they're all The Rock movies LUL
re: buff dude action
if they dont have a fat dude wearing a lite bright as dynamo we riot
Articles claim book?
never read it
im assuming the movie
It's SB's movie with Wahlberg.
Speaking of which, did anyone hear they're making an Oldboy TV series?
read about that this morning
Originally for Downey then he backed out.
Yes!
If anything it's a long overdue tribute to stunt people
i just watched the beavis and butthead sketch this morning with gosling
I think Tarantino should do kill bill vol 3 since he decided against the critic
I don't pay enough attention to know.
Tarantino backed out of The Movie Critic
it ain't looking good
Yeah, he's kind of a piece of shit
it honestly does not surprise me tbh
yuck
either way, one or both of them suck and that's unfortunate
Maddox is going to college in Korea which is wild
i just remembered how stepping on a skeleton in this game can be lethal
Whatever Angelina Jolie has done, she's a Saint compared to her dad
GOOD NIGHT!!!
Thanks for the stream
the physics go crazy and the skeleton stabs you 100 times
HEH
Addicted
stay safe
night!
have a good evening/morning
New donation from Derv!
Support on Ko-fi: https://ko-fi.com/aegies
