@VioletValhalla imytPog
essaying
well you’ve come to the right place! 🤣
@se3cret violet69Sobblove
Hi
@bissmark this some GPT shit
yawn%
hahahaha
lava, my brother in sass
How I beat this game I will play it
not gpt but not my answer. taken from a wine expert q&a
Sass stream  best stream?
I'll watch you play anything imyt 🥰
but just like get WR soon kthx
Will chat gpt code a bit to play super Meeetroid for me?
but you're a metroidvania fiend now SMILERS
KEKW
phantoom king
phantoon * -___-
sm had to walk so hk could run
That metroid game from nes i play it
@gabrielparadis35 you should give this one a try SeemsGood
Tails || You win!
When's quad rando with me imyt
This game is so sick in the head that you can't shoot on the ground so the flying enemies don't even fly. They just go straight to the fucking ground and attack you. It's so stupid. I can't handle flying enemies that don't wanna fly because they know being on the ground is stronger. It actually makes me mad. They just go to my knees. You're a flying creature and you're deciding to stay on the ground because the game is horrible.
@smCharles samusDance
Alright brother, z1m1z3m3 rando comin up
LMAO
samusW
it's never been played
@se3cret srtGotYa
I beat it in 36 minutes one time
I got through a few z1 dungeons once
I'm actually enjoying Zelda 2 even though it's kinda a lil shit
im just complemented z2?
*imyt
z2 is legit good
Zelda 2 is a great game
agreed
it’s not that cryptic
i hate the overworld
leveling up in Zelda is a bit cursed
Jaycee guwuHype
that game literally took me 2 streams to beat like 10 hours full no guide or hints
sup charlllllllllllllles samusSippy
I've been writing down what the townsfolk say
charles has an entire notepad of "Hello!" and "I know nothing." KEKW
Sausage is amazing.
@smCharles yup
PB?
i beat it by leveling to max level in the first dungeon grinding on an enemy dropping a p bag
sausage is amazing
then i sailed through the rest of the game
@a_n_i_v my man
I've gone through death mountain like 50 times
the problem for me is definitely having to grind for levels
it shouldn’t force you to do that
err i guess yday for u
Metroid prime 4
@vaanbara nah vanbaara i played the whole game not grinding just fine and then i was forced to
cuz of some bullshit
The infinitely spawning shit enemies from the left and right sides of the screen are really stupid too
@SEFI a certain thing will softlock you if a certain stat is too low, but i dont want to elaborate here. you probably ran into that.
it was that exactly
^^
z2 def. had a lot of weird design choices that make me think it went through diff. development phases, and they never went back and made adjustments
but i do love the game
it's also just really old
i cant point out one of my favorite things thats silly b/c i dont remember how far charles is
sick fight!
Ridley got cooked
Use code IMYT or follow the link https://madrinas.coffee/imyt to get 20% off your next Madrinas order! Slurp up dat coffee
@smCharles a certain set of enemies do infintely respawn, yes. it seems incredibly mean-spirited, but i also wonder if some exist as a way of providing exp once everything else is dead
I think I'm at the 4th palace now @vaanbara
ok thats what i thought^
i cant say a certain thing yet then :P
Sometimes the infinitely spawning enemies don't even give XP though, or like only 2 xp when you need 5k or whatever
yes, some dont.
imytNoted
some even TAKE AWAY exp
